Asunto: Suite Decorating Winners!
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/8/2012 7:29 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello Everyone,

First of all, I just need to applaud you all for your amazing suite transformations (except Andorra. Poor Andorrans). Alec and I were seriously impressed with your creativity and ability to makeover those dreary suites. They look fantastic, and it made our job near impossible. Seriously, this judging was really difficult, but such is the life of Master Staff. 

Because you guys did such an incredible job, we decided the prizes were just not enough. Not only did we increase the cash prizes, we added three more of them! 

And the winners are...

Honorable Mentions
The recipients of an Honorable Mention get $15 towards a suite dinner.

Better than Wikipedia: Scotland
We loved how informative the decor was!

Coziest Suite: Japan
The suite felt so inviting and homey!

Most Feng Shui: Turkey
We loved how each section of the room had a different story, and how detailed it was. Ok, maybe it's not feng shui, but it sounds cute. 

Second Place
The recipients of second place get $30 towards a suite dinner. 

Russia! 

Ok, I swear it's not just because I happen to study this country for a living. We loved the artistic details, and how many aspects of the country were represented in the suite. Very cool. 

First Place
The recipients of the first place prize get $50 towards a suite dinner.

England! 

This suite had it all; it was well decorated, thoughtful, informative, and inviting. It involved the whole suite, and the presentation was an awfully nice touch (they had accents and biscuits!). We were extremely impressed with the collaborative effort of the suite and that the suite took advantage of the contest by making it a bonding experience. Wonderful job! 


Thanks again to all the suites who participated in the contest. You guys are awesome, and confirmed that we have the greatest jobs ever at the very best Res College! 

Best,

Your Charming Master Staff, Alec and Cheryl

