Asunto: Campus Happenings 10.15
De: Darlene Reyes <darlenereyes2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/15/2012 4:38 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey Y'all! 

       Apologies for the tardiness I hadn't looked at the time. Anyways, below are some great events you should check out this week! 


1. Resolved, the US Should decriminalize all drugs
2. Cupcake Fundraiser
3. Eboo Patel: Sacred Ground: Pluarlism, Prejudice, and the Promise of America 
4. Sigma School
5. Fall Quarter Ambassadors & CLAVE Phone-a-thons
6. Project ShoutOUT Presents : an LGBTQ Film Series 
7. NU Red Cross Fall Blood Drive
8. Omega Delta Phi Date Auction
9. Interested GentleMen of Sigma Lambda Beta and ΣΨΖ present Kickball at Deering Meadow
10. Open Mic Night
11. Breast Cancer Walk with the AKAs and SLGs

Resolved, the U.S. should decriminalize all drugs  

Join the Northwestern University Political Union and Students for Sensible Drug Policy for a debate on:

Resolved, the U.S. should decriminalize all drugs.

Monday, Oct. 15 @ 7:30PM in the Buffett Center.

Debate will be followed up by discussion and drinks at the Celtic Knot.


Cupcake Fundraiser!!

    Please help Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. and Sigma Lambda Gamma National Sorority Inc. raise money for our event this Sunday where we will be walking for breast cancer awareness! 

    We will be selling deliciouuusss cupcakes for $1 while registering people to join our team to walk with us this Sunday morning!

    Hope to see you there! :)

    http://www.facebook.com/events/541283692555522/?fref=ts 

Eboo Patel: Sacred Ground: Pluralism, Prejudice, and the Promise of America


Tuesday, 6:00pm at Harris #107

    	Eboo Patel is a member of President Barack Obama's inaugural Advisory Council on Faith-Based Neighborhood Partnerships. He is the founder and president of the Interfaith Youth Core. He is the author of, most recently, "Sacred Ground: Pluralism, Prejudice, and the Promise of America" and "Acts of Faith: The Story of an American Muslim, the Struggle for the Soul of a Generation."

    In "Sacred Ground," Patel says religious-based prejudice is not just a problem for Muslims but a challenge to the very idea of America. He shows us that Americans from George Washington to Martin Luther King Jr. have been "interfaith leaders," illustrating how the forces of pluralism in America have time and again defeated the forces of prejudice. And now a new generation needs to rise up and confront the anti-Muslim prejudice of our era.




    Ambassadors and CLAVE Phone-a-Thon & Pen Pals
    5:30pm - 7:30pm at 1801 Hinman  (Office of Undergraduate Admission)

        	It's that time of year again! Come to Ambassadors and CLAVE's Phone-a-thons on Wednesday, October 17th and Tuesday, October 23rd (same time and location on both days) Come eat delicious food and talk to prospies who are in the middle of the college application process. Answer questions about campus life and your experience as a person of color at Northwestern! Let's keep the momentum from last week's Meet and Greet going!!

        Project ShoutOUT Presents: An LGBTQ Film Series


            Come join Project ShoutOUT on October 18th, 19th, and 20th at Lunt Room 105 to see three unique LGBTQ films: Hedwig and the Angry,Pariah, and Weekend. 

            Food from Giordanos, and Wings Over Evanston provided! 

            The event starts at 6:30 PM each night. Come join us for films, food, and friends! 

            Thursday October 18th - Hedwig and the Angry Inch 
            Come see this campy musical exploration of sexuality, gender, and the search for true love through the eyes of Hedwig, everyone's favorite transgender rocker (portrayed by Northwestern alum, John Cameron Mitchell).
            http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0248845/

            Friday October 19th - Pariah 
            Check out this coming of age story set in Brooklyn NY. A teen juggles conflicting identities and risks friendship, heartbreak, and family in a desperate search for sexual expression.
            http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1233334/

            Saturday October 20th - Weekend 
            A film that has been lauded for its realistic portrayal of gay hook-up culture and the evolution of a relationship over the course of just one weekend. 
            http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1714210/

            Join us for a brief post-film discussion after each showing! 
            Hope to see you there! 
            Note on location: Lunt Hall is just north of Kellog right along Sheridan Road. It is the old building right behind Shanley Pavilion.

            NU Red Cross Fall BLOOD DRIVE
            Friday, October 19th from 11:00am until 5:00pm 
            	Come donate blood with the American Red Cross and save 3 lives! Or help us out at the blood drive!

            To donate, make an appointment at http://www.redcrossblood.org/make-donation. Search area code: 60201, and select Northwestern Red Cross.

            Walk-ins are also welcome. Please bring a picture ID.

            To volunteer, sign up for the Red Cross listserv by sending an e-mail to chrislee2015@u.northwestern.edu. A signup sheet will be sent out through the listserv soon. Thanks!




            Friday, October 19th at Harris 107 starting at 7pm! 
                    	The Gentlemen of Omega Delta Phi Fraternity would like to cordially invite you to our date auction.

                    Bring your wallets and come bid on the knights and other wonderful prizes from Chicago sports teams and surrounding businesses.

                    Up for grabs will be:

                    Jesus "Ghetto Fabulous" Flores
                    Anthony "GQ" Guzman
                    Yando "Broadway Baby" Lopez
                    Andre "Fabio" Sguerra
                    Oliver "The Poet" Ortega
                    Zachary "Spicy" Kisfalusi
                    John "Don't leave your girl 'round me" Castellanos
                    Gio "Cuddly" Delgado
                    Peter "Prince Charming" Podlipni

                    As well as great prizes from:

                    Buffalo Wild Wings
                    Giordano's
                    Cinemark
                    Lou Malnati's
                    Chik-fil-a
                    Uber
                    ComedySportz Theatre
                    Chicago Cubs
                    Chicago White Sox
                    Chicago Bears

                    AND MORE!!!


            Open Mic Night!!!


            Saturday, October 20th at Dittmar Gallery in Norris startng at 6pm!
                    	The men of Phi Beta Sigma and  Pleshette Strong have teamed up to throw an open mic for those of y'all who've been itching to either shut it down on the stage or watch someone shut it down. Either way, we expect to see you there! *snaps snaps*







-- 
Darlene Reyes 
International Studies | Northwestern University | Class of 2015 
Coordinator | Council of Latino Volunteers for Education
Fellow | Teach for America's Rising Leaders Fellowship
Secretary | International Studies Residential College
Service Chair | Alianza - The Hispanic/Latino Student Alliance
Mentor | Quest Mentoring Program




