Asunto: A note about club dues
De: Allan Dong <allandong2010@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/11/2012 3:24 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everyone,

So some of the new members might be wondering from that last email that Ji-hoon sent, "what the heck are these club dues, why do we have them and what are they for?"  Well I'm here to answer those questions for you!

The club dues each quarter are mainly for covering the cost of paying the instructors for their work.  They give us a great deal, but we can't expect them to do what they do for free, obviously.  Any leftover funds (lol) are used for new equipment.  Since the main reason for the dues is for paying the instructors, however, what this essentially means is that each quarter, the more people we have, the less dues will cost!  Last quarter, in fact, they were $45.

Now for those of you wavering on whether or not it's worth $35 for TKD this quarter, let me just give you something to think about.  If you went to the school that our instructors come from and wanted to train there for one hour, once a week, for a month, it would cost you $109. That's about $25 an hour.  As a Northwestern student as a part of our club, if you come to each instructor led practice, you will get 2 hours of professional instruction a week.  With 9 weeks of instruction in the fall quarter, that amounts to 18 hours - for $35.  Let me put it another way:  You are getting professional taekwondo instruction for the effective rate of less than $2 an hour.  And you get to hang out with cool people like us!

On the other hand, however, we don't want anyone's financial situation getting in the way of being able to practice TKD.  If $35 a quarter is something that you absolutely cannot afford, please come talk to me about your situation.  We can work things out.  Of course, anything you wish to keep confidential will be treated as such.

If you only are planning, or able to make it to some practices (ie. once a week), and don't want to pay the whole $35 for that, please come talk to me.  Again, we can work something out.

Anyway, hopefully I've convinced most of you that it's worth it.  Now as Ji-hoon said, we're going to try and collect dues next week - let's say due by Saturday, October 20th.  Just bring them to a practice between now and then.

Please, please please, make any checks out to Northwestern University.  Every year there are well-meaning people who want to make things more convenient for us and make their checks out to Northwestern Taekwondo Club.  Trust me, this is NOT more convenient for us, and in fact may lead to us being unable to process your payment.  So again, make checks out to Northwestern University.  Leave any mention of anything else for the comments section.  Of course, if you want to pay with cash, that's fine too.  For those of you wanting to purchase a uniform, you put everything on one check if you would like.

If you have any other questions, don't hesitate to email me.  (Especially if they have to do with money.  We try and keep Ji-hoon away from that ;))

Your treasurer,

Allan
Email: allandong2010@u.northwestern.edu
