Asunto: trampoline fun times...and an update on Iowa State
De: Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/9/2012 2:35 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everybody,

Well, let me get this off my chest first before I get into the fun times that is the sky high sports event this Saturday.  

So, due to lack of response (and I can't blame you) we won't be going to the Iowa State tournament, as only 3 of us total were interested in going.  There will be more tournaments in the future that won't be so far away, so there will be that to look forward to.

Ok on to the plan for Saturday.  There won't be TKD class this Saturday (the gym is still open, so if you want to come and train I encourage you to use the space).  We will be going to Sky High Sports in Niles, IL.  Now the current list of people going are as follows

Alex
Ji-Hoon
Lisa
Jonathan 
Dan
Allan

So this message is primarily for you.  The plan is to meet in front of Bloomquist at 2:30pm.  Where Ji-Hoon will roll up in the van, (rims spinning and what not).  It takes about 20 minutes to get to Sky High Sports.  We spend two hours at sky high, having fun and trying some acrobatic stuff.  H-mart is right next door, so I say we go to H-mart right afterwards.  Its probably gonna be close to 5 when we finish from Sky High, so we can eat dinner and get some groceries at H-mart.  From then we can go home.  We can adjust the plan, if people feel the need to...do more things in Niles.

Also, word on the street is that Dan has a car and might be able to drive you over to Sky High Sports...but thats just word on the street.  If this is true, Dan may be able to carpool some people who want to come, without breaking any rules about Northwestern van rentals.  So maybe I could get some confirmation from Dan about this.

Also, if you are going on the trip, can you please send me your cell number (if I don't already have it).  In case you don't show up or you are running late.  I'll mention this at Wednesday's practice.  See you tomorrow.

-Alex
