Asunto: Things to Know About Money
De: Abigail Watt <chinwatt2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/4/2012 2:20 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

BEFORE YOU KEEP GOING: I know this email is long and looks like a pain to read, but please read it, especially if you like having money. It's handy information to know for your entire NU career anyway, so just do it. Also, I tried to make it colorful. If it's in red, it's probably extra important.

Hey, everyone!

For those of you who don't yet know my name, I'm Abi and I'm the treasurer for ISRC. Basically, that means I handle the dorm's budget for the quarter and, more importantly for you, reimbursements. 

So what's a reimbursement? I know you're all college kids, but I'm going to cover all my bases here and explain. Basically, what happens is you spend some money, you give me the receipt, and I handle the Student Organization Financial Office and get that money back for you.

But before I get into how that process works, let me clarify when you can come to me for a reimbursement:
You are eligible for a reimbursement if you happen to spend money for a dorm event. That would be events like suite decoration, munchies and International Dinner. Please note that while buying supplies for ISRC does count as a reimbursable purchase, unless you're on exec or have been asked specifically by a member of exec to make that purchase, you probably won't get reimbursed. This is just to make sure we don't run into situations where five different people buy light bulbs for their rooms and then come to me asking for money that I can't give you (our Eco chair has light bulbs, just by the way, in case you ever need one).



Now that we're clear on when you can get reimbursements, let's go into how that works.

In order to get reimbursed, you have to provide me with an original receipt that has:
- The name of the restaurant
- The date of purchase
- An itemized list what was purchased
- Address and phone number of vendor
- How it was paid
- Zero balance/proof of purchase (not a big deal if you pay in cash, but if you swiped a card, you must get a receipt that proves zero balance OR give me a copy of a bank statement that reflects that purchase; for sit-down restaurants, make sure you pick up the itemized receipt AND the customer copy of the credit/debit card charge)
- Is also less than 30 days old

If you don't hand me your receipt personally, put your full name on it. And, if possible, add what it was for.

Online purchases are generally a little trickier, so my advice would be to avoid those if possible. If you must buy something online, however, SOFO does accept as proof of zero balance the proof of delivery slip that Amazon ships with all its orders.



Now, let's talk a little bit about tax.

Northwestern is a non-profit organization, so purchases you make on behalf of the university are usually exempt from tax. The university can not reimburse Illinois sales tax (apparently, if you buy something from Indiana and pay tax, that's okay... they can deal with that). What this means is that if you make a purchase and you pay the tax, you won't get that money back.

Luckily, SOFO hands out tax exempt forms that allow you to make purchases without paying tax. Just make sure you hand the form to the cashier or whoever is dealing with your money.

So how do you get a tax exempt form?
Not difficult. All you need to do is email/text/slip a note under my door telling me:
A) Your name, or the name of the person buying stuff
B) The store you're planning to go to
C) The date you're going shopping

Make sure you give me this information AT LEAST 24 hours in advance! I have to go to SOFO to get the form printed, so I won't be able to magically pull tax exempt forms out of my sleeve for you. Your best bet is to let me know you need a form as soon as you realize you have to go shopping.

Note, if you go to a sit-down restaurant, you don't need to worry about the tax. NU can reimburse restaurant taxes. But only if you sit down and dine. Deliveries still need to be tax-exempt for full reimbursement.



I'm also going to quickly go over different types of reimbursements. There are only two: a regular reimbursement and petty cash.

A regular reimbursement is anything over $30, in which case the university will issue a check, which you can either cash or deposit. Note that you have 90 days from the check's issue date to cash/deposit before it becomes void. If this happens, give me back the check and I will get it reissued for you.

Petty cash is anything $30 or under, in which case SOFO will give me cash to return to you. Simple.

As for how long it will take to get your money back, please expect it to be about a week. There are a lot of steps between my getting your receipt and picking up your check, and a lot of those steps involve other people, so it might not get done in a snap. Please bear with.

I live in room 113, which is in 1-Rust (last suite on the girl's side). My number's in the signature part of this email. Please let me know if you have questions! I'll feel bad if someone spends a load of money and can't get reimbursed.

-- 
Abigail Watt
Northwestern University | Class of 2015
Medill | Journalism
(847) 440 6628 | abigailwatt@u.northwestern.edu


