Asunto: Tech Responsibilities
De: Timothy White <timothywhite2013@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/26/2012 9:51 AM
Para: <NTS@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everyone,

I'm writing on behalf of the supervisors regarding daily tech responsibilities. In the past weeks, we've had some issues with left-out equipment, both during the day and overnight. Projectors and systems have been left on, laptops have been left out, cables have remained uncoiled, etc. 

As a reminder, a tech is responsible for cleaning up the event by the reservation end time--this is about a half hour after the event end time. If an event is going over time, let the CM know that you need to clean up the technical equipment. We expect this for three reasons. 

First, so events that do not have tech equipment do not have to deal with leftover cables, laptops, projectors, or whatever. There are events in rooms that are not on the tech sheets, so do not assume because there are no tech events in a room after an event that the event does not need to be promptly cleaned up. There are always events going on, and we need to make sure our stuff doesn't get in the clients way.

Second, we need to take care of the equipment itself. Leaving a projector on overnight is a big drain on the lamp. Lamp bulbs are expensive. We want to avoid replacing lamp bulbs for as long as possible. We also do not want our equipment stolen. We have a long history of laptops being stolen, even with the locks. If we leave equipment out, the chance that the equipment will be stolen is much higher. In the past, if a laptop is stolen on the shift, the tech found responsible for leaving the laptop out and failing to clean up the event in a timely manner has been severely disciplined (usually fired). Part of our responsibility as techs is protecting the tech equipment.

Third, to take pressure off our fellow techs. if equipment is left out for a long period of time, eventually the equipment throughout the building accumulates, and the first tech to responsibly do a sweep of the building gets stuck cleaning all of the rooms. Frankly, it's not fair to the rest of the staff to leave stuff out and expect someone else to clean it up. It's a failure of your responsibilities as a technician. Communicate with previous and future shifts. Let the next shift know you were unable to clean a given event up because something came up. Ask the previous shift if they've cleaned up different events. Technically, you are not supposed to leave your shift until at least one tech from the next shift has come to replace you. We're working on electronic shift reports to make this a little easier, but in the meantime, we need good, old-fashioned, face-to-face communication. I know this is possible because you guys are so good at it. Just make sure it happens consistently.

So, as a general reminder, and as a TL;DR: AS A TECHNICIAN, IT IS EXPECTED THAT YOU DO PERIODIC SWEEPS OF THE BUILDING TO CHECK FOR LEFT OUT EQUIPMENT. Even if the room is not on the sheets, events are added throughout the day. ASK PREVIOUS SHIFTS ABOUT ANY ADDED EVENTS OR EVENTS THEY WERE UNABLE TO CLEAN UP. And finally, IF YOU ARE A CLOSING SHIFT, EVEN IF THERE ARE NO EVENTS HAPPENING IN THE BUILDING, YOU MAY NOT LEAVE UNTIL YOU HAVE DONE A FINAL SWEEP OF EVERY EVENT ROOM IN THE BUILDING. CLEAN UP ANY EQUIPMENT FOUND ON THAT SWEEP. We've had a few opening shifts now that have been stuck setting up huge events AND cleaning up everything from the night before. That's not cool.

While we aren't going to name names, if this happens on a consistent basis because of a specific shift, we will start personally emailing techs to check in on what's going on.

I know you all are awesome, so let's just work on being a little more consistent.

Best,
Tim

-- 
Tim White
Northwestern '13
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences

