Asunto: Dance Marathon Information - Join ISRC's Team!
De: Emily Kaht <emilykaht2013@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/22/2012 6:36 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello everyone,
 
I apologize for the long e-mail, but please read it all the way through!  Trust me, Dance Marathon is worth it.  :)
 
As you might be aware, Dance Marathon (DM) dancer registration is this week!
 
For those who don't know, Dance Marathon is an annual event that takes place Winter Quarter in which Northwestern students dance for thirty hours straight to raise money for a cause.  It is one of the largest student-run philanthropies in the entire country.  Last year, over 1,300 dancers registered, and over $1 million was raised!  DM is one of Northwestern's most famous traditions, and for many people, it is one of their most memorable experiences at NU.  As someone who did DM last year, I highly encourage everyone to do it at least once.
 
Dancer registration is this week.  It closes on Friday at 5 PM.  You can register here:  http://www.nudm.org/register/ 
 
When you get to the part that asks what team you're on, select "ISRC."
 
There is a $45 registration fee.  If you really can't pay it up front, you can talk to the DM people.  Last year, they were cool about letting me pay later in the quarter after I had saved up some money.  If the DM people can't help you, then come talk to someone on ISRC exec, and we can try to work something out.
 
Every person who signs up for DM has to raise $400.  That might sound like a lot, but don't panic!  We will be doing several fundraising events as a dorm, so you won't be on your own.
 
Our first fundraising event will be this Saturday before the homecoming game.  We will be "canning" - a.k.a, walking around with cans and asking people for donations.  This is a very effective way to raise money.  The homecoming football game is especially profitable - last year, one ISRC girl raised $360 just from canning at the homecoming game!
 
Please let me know if you have any questions!  I hope you'll all sign up.
 
Sincerely,
 
Emily
