Asunto: [Taekwondo] Pick up Your Uniforms / Saturday Practice
De: Ji-Hoon Kim <jihoonkim2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 11/2/2012 12:01 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello awesome people,

About 2 weeks ago, we recieved a box full of uniforms for people who wanted them. While most people have picked up their uniforms and paid for them by now, we still have a good number of them still sitting in that box. It reminds me of a box of puppies that their owners don't want anymore, and that is just too sad for me to not write an email about. So if you haven't picked up and paid for your uniform yet, please do so.

Or else...

I will sell your uniform to someone else who wants one. Yes, there are still other people who want to order uniforms, and since it's been over 2 weeks since we got them, I'm going to assume that if you haven't picked one up by now, that you no longer want one. You have until Wednesday, November 7th to claim your uniform and pay for it. I'd give you until that weekend to do so, but that's the weekend of the Purdue tournament, so Wednesday will be the latest. Afterwards, we will begin selling them off to whoever else still wants one.

However, I also understand that one or two of you who are not with us this quarter ordered a uniform as well, and you guys wanted me to hang on to your uniform until such a time comes when you are able to pick it up (Dr. D, I haven't forgotten about you.) Anyways, if you are one of those people, please respond to this email saying you would like me to hold on to your order just to make sure I don't sell yours off.

Also, we do have Saturday practice this week. I SWEAR we actually have Saturday practice this time, and Blomquist will NOT be closed this Saturday. Bring sparring gear if you have it. Should it occur that Blomquist IS closed this Saturday, I will buy everyone in the club gatorade on the following practice. Of course, that's not going to happen because we will have Saturday practice. At noon, 12 PM, for those of you who don't remember because it's been so long.

Ji-hoon... 
