Asunto: practicin' and partyin'
De: Anna Bisaro <annabisaro2013@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/4/2012 8:27 AM
Para: <TRIATHLON@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey Tri Team!

You guys made history last night!  We've never run out of bikes at a spin practice before :)

Meet on the pool deck in SPAC tonight by the diving boards around 8:15 so we can get going right at 8:30... that's right, we have swim practice tonight.   Exec will have extra goggles to borrow, so come early if you need a pair. 

In case you forgot our practice times... here they are again!

Monday: SWIM 8:30pm - meet on the pool deck around 8:15
Wednesday: SPIN 8pm - on the basketball courts
Thursday: SWIM 8:30pm - meet on pool deck at 8:15
Sunday: BRICK 9:30am - start on basketball courts
We didn't really explain what a BRICK was the other night... generally it's a bike and then a run.  So if you like to spin with your cycling shoes, bring your running shoes too on Sunday.  We'll spin for a little and then run for a little.  A former president of the tri club used to call this workout Bike Run ICK (because that's how you feel after).  He was kidding of course!  BRICKs are awesome!

Check out the training plans on the web site for the other workouts this week that you can do on your own. You can find the plans under the For Members tab on the homepage The Beginner plan will go up starting next week. www.northwesterntriathlon.com

ALSO!  EXEC is so pumped up about this year's team that we want to celebrate!
Head over to President Rich Barbera's place around 9:30 Saturday night for our fist party of the year.  Get to know everyone, eat some food, drink "pop" (or don't) and just have a good time.  No need to bring anything but yourself!
Who: YOU and NU TRI
Where: 2021 Ridge Ave.
When: SATURDAY! @ 9:30pm

See you all there! 

tri love,
Anna B

PS I attached the info session power point in case you missed it the first time.  Let me know if you have any questions! 
PPS If you've already fallen in love with Triathlon and want to pay your dues, you can give them to any exec member at practice. ($175)
-- 
AEB


Adjuntos:
Info Session Powerpoint.pptx	5.6 MB