Asunto: Upcoming Events and Information
De: Davin Kim <davinkim2015@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 11/12/2013 9:20 AM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey, everyone,

There are several things I wanted to let you guys know. First off, the quarterly belt test for this quarter will take place at Patten Gymnasium on Sunday of December 8th at around 11 A.M. This test will involve Tae Kwon Do students from the other BTMA schools, so it will be a bit bigger in scale than usual. More specific information regarding the test will be coming up. If you were planning on testing this quarter but cannot make this time or if this time is way too inconvenient for you, please let me or Natalie know. We will do what we can to get you guys an alternate testing time in that case. Also regarding the tournament test, if you some of the senior-ranked members could volunteer some of their time that day to help out, that would be very much appreciated.

Secondly, the on-campus group Supplies for Dreams has asked if we can run a workstation from 1:00 P.M. - 4:00 P.M. on Saturday of November 23rd at SPAC for a group of middle school students. I just wanted to know if any of you guys would be willing to volunteer to help out (you don't need to stay the whole time). Don't feel forced or pressured to help out. Just let me know by Thursday if you would be willing to help out, and I'll send out more information to you shortly afterwards.

Thirdly, we will now be taking checks and cash for uniforms. I apologize for taking a bit of time to set up everything, but we're good to go now in getting uniforms for people. For color belt uniforms (no black stripes), the price will be $45 ($5 for shipping). For black belt uniforms (with black stripes), the price will be $70 ($5 for shipping). Bring either a check made out to BTMA (preferred method of transaction) or cash, and we will then place your order.

Lastly, we will most likely not be taking part in contact sparring tomorrow because we have an upcoming tournament this weekend.

Let me or Natalie know if you have any other questions.

Yours always,
Davin
