Asunto: XRC Trip #2: Pullman Porter Blues at The Goodman
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/6/2013 2:49 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello ISRCers!

I email you with the second opportunity to attend a XRC trip this quarter. This trip is especially cool because you get some classic Chicago blues at one of Chicago's most iconic theaters. 

In case you can't remember all the acronyms in your life, Cross Residential College (XRC) trips are for Res College residents only, and they are arranged by Nancy Anderson, Director of Residential Colleges. We have 4 or 5 each quarter, and the Master Staff of ISRC seriously subsidizes the ticket prices so that they are more affordable, and therefore much more tempting!  The Res College system also provides transportation (almost always via fancy buses right outside ISRC) and Fellows or Master staff attend the events, so you can get a chance to meet them, as well. 
 
This one: A live production of Pullman Porter Blues at the Goodman Theater in Downtown Chicago on Friday, October 18th, 6:30-10:45pm. $15 subsidized price

    This music-fueled trip back in time takes us into the luxurious Pullman Trains of the 1930s, where the hidden lives of African American porters emerge to take center stage and classic Blues favorites—including “Sweet Home Chicago”—come to life. It’s June of 1937, and the Panama Limited Pullman Train is speeding from Chicago to New Orleans on the night of the Joe Louis/James Braddock world heavyweight championship. Set to timeless Blues tunes performed by a live, on-stage band, this play is a two-for-one. You should go. Just like all the trips, a fancy bus will pick you up and drop you off outside ISRC.

If you are interested in going on either of these trips, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part is the big one!)
    Email me ASAP if you want to go on either trip.  I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Give me ALL THE MONEYS by this Friday. No, seriously, you need to pay me before you get a ticket reserved. You can pay me in person (we can arrange a meet) or you can put the cash or check (to Northwestern university) in an envelope with your name under my door.  
    If you have any questions, send me an email. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 
    Go on the trip. Make your suite mates jelly. 


Again, can pay me in person (cash or check made out to Northwestern University), or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name, event and email on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). Read the XRC policy if you have to back out. 

I look forward to hearing from you, and I hope to see you at lunch this week (I'll be around Thursday and Friday).  


Adjuntos:
XRC Ticket Policy 2013-14.pdf	55.0 KB