Asunto: Tutorial Opportunity from CRC
De: Arkar Hein <arkarhein2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/11/2013 11:08 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Dear Residential College Members,

 

In spring quarter, we'll offer a tutorial taught in CRC.  It is: "Power & Privilege: Writing the Wrongs of Social Injustices" taught by Prof. Ava Greenwell, CRC faculty fellow.  It will meet from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Thursdays at CRC, with the first class on April 4.  For WCAS students, and for students in schools that follow WCAS distribution requirements, it will count as a distribution requirement in Area III, Social and Behavior Sciences. 

 

(Note to Medill students:  Medill has its own distro requirements, but this class would count toward the "global and diverse cultures requirement" and you could ask the school to count it toward a three-unit or six-unit concentration in sociology.)

 

Important:  If you are interested in taking this class, you need to supply some information (see below) by 11:00 p.m. on Friday, Feb. 15.  You'll know by noon on Feb. 18 (the day pre-registration begins) if there is space for you. 

 

The course outline is at the end of this message.  Meanwhile, here are answers to some questions about such tutorials:

 

Q:  What's a residential college tutorial anyway?

 

A:  It's a class taught in the residential college.  Each tutorial is worth one unit of credit toward graduation, the same as the vast majority of other classes on campus.

 

Q:  Can I take more than one tutorial in the same quarter?

 

A:  Yes, if space is available.

 

Q:  How can I use the credit?

 

A:  Each tutorial is worth one unit, no matter what your home school or major.  The unit is credit through WCAS "general liberal arts" at the 200 level.  As mentioned, for WCAS students, and for students in schools that follow the WCAS distribution requirements, it will count in Area III, Social and Behavior Sciences.  If you are in Medill, it would count toward the "global and diverse cultures requirement" and you could ask the school to count it toward a three-unit or six-unit concentration in sociology.

 

Q;  Can you tell me what we will study and how my grade will be determined?

 

A:  See the course outline at the end of this message.

 

Q:  Who is eligible to take the class?

 

A:  Membership (resident or non resident) in a Residential College is required. 

 

Q:  How do I get in?

 

A:  By 11:00 p.m. on Friday, Feb. 15, you need to send Roger Boye the following information (r-boye@northwestern.edu):

      1.  Your name

      2.  Year in school

      3.  Major

      4.  Cumulative GPA

      5.  Name of tutorial

      6.  A list of writing courses you have now or have had at Northwestern.

      7.  A list of other CRC tutorials you have taken, if any.

      8.  A statement of 200 to 300 words that describes (a) why you want the class

and (b) what you would contribute to the class

 

Q:  How will you decide who gets in?

 

A:  We'll be most interested in what you say in the 200-300 word statement.

 

Q:  Will there be other tutorials?

 

A:  Yes.  We'll have more next academic year.

 

Q:  When will I know if I get in?

 

A:  By noon on Feb. 18, which is the day pre-registration begins for spring quarter.

 

Q:  Anything else?

 

A:  Not really, except to say this is a great opportunity to take a small class from

one of Northwestern's most accomplished teachers.

 

Q:  What if I have other questions?

 

A:  Just send an e-mail:  r-boye@northwestern.edu.

 

 

------------------

 Course Outline



1. Proposed Quarter: Spring 2013

 

2.  Proposed Title: "Power & Privilege: Writing the Wrongs of Social Injustices"

 

3. Instructor/Department: Ava Thompson Greenwell/ Medill

 

4. Residential College: Communications Residential College

 

5. Preferred Meeting Days/Times:  Thursdays 1 pm – 4 pm

 

6.  Projected Enrollment Range: 8-10

 

7.  Prerequisites: CRC membership.  At least one NU writing course preferred.

 

8. Purpose:  This course will focus on analysis of various aspects of marginality or “otherness” including, but not limited to, gender, race, age, class, ethnicity, disability and religion as portrayed in the news media. Students will engage with these issues as they pertain to social inequality and social justice though the lens of local and national news outlets.  They will target topics to which the media have given a disproportionate amount of coverage (usually too little).  Students will use existing research to develop an argument as to why the amount of coverage and the framing of the topic could be improved and they then may suggest different approaches.

 

9.  Proposed WCAS Distribution Requirement: Social and Behavior Sciences.  This requirement seeks to introduce students to the theories and findings of research on human behavior and to relate that research to various institutions.  In this class, students will be exposed to research on stereotyping in the news media and they will have to apply what they learn from that research in evaluating and analyzing stories in the media.

 

10. Key Learning Objectives: To recognize stereotypes perpetuated through news coverage, to evaluate the framing of such coverage, to use existing research to argue for an alternative approach to coverage and to write about that alternative approach in a way that is informative and engaging to an audience.

 

11.  Teaching Method: Using the case-study method, students will analyze the use of various stereotypes in news coverage where race, ethnicity, gender, etc., are central or intersecting themes. We will ground our analysis through a historical lens with “News for All the People:  The Epic Story of Race and the American Media.”  Students will also be required to analyze several opinion pieces.

 

Evaluation: Students will create an oral presentation (20 percent) on a case study and/or a chapter(s) from News for All the People.  Students will select two topics in the news pertaining to “otherness” and write an analysis in the form of an opinion-editorial that strives to make readers/viewers think differently about the topic. The first op-ed analysis of 750 words (30 percent) will be due at the mid-quarter.   The second op-ed of 1,000 words will be due at the end of the quarter and must include an accompanying three- to five-minute video version (40 percent).  Attendance and class participation will make up the remainder (10 percent) of the grade.

 

12.  Alignment of Learning Objectives and Assessment:  The oral presentations will allow students to engage more deeply with specific news situations and to learn specific aspects of the news media’s racial/ethnic history. Analysis of existing op-eds will help students model this type of public intellectual writing and understand the importance of engaging the public over big ideas.  The purpose of the two opinion-writing assignments is to determine whether students can convincingly use existing data to craft an argument for reform of how the news media cover various aspects of marginality. We will use some of the techniques of the OpEd Projectto encourage publication of student editorials. Tangentially, students will understand the power of developing their “voice” to critique an important U.S. institution.

 

13.  Reading List: 

 

“News for All the People: The Epic Story of Race and the American Media” by Juan Gonzalez and Joseph Torres, Verso Books, 2011.

 

“Race and News: Critical Perspectives” by Christopher P. Campbell, Kim M. LeDuff, Cheryl D. Jenkins and Rockell A. Brown, Routledge Taylor & Francis Group, 2012.

 

Various stories, articles and opinion pieces from the news media (print, broadcast, online).

 

About the teacher:  Ava Thompson Greenwell is a Medill associate professor.  She joined the faculty in 1993 with primary teaching responsibilities in broadcast writing, reporting and producing for undergraduate and graduate students.  She currently is completing a dissertation for a PhD in African-American Studies at Northwestern.  Her research interests include diversity in the news media.  She has served as Medill associate dean and director of the school’s Teaching Television Program.  She won Northwestern’s McCormick Distinguished Clinical Professor award in 2001.
