Asunto: Fwd: Fun Opportunity to Volunteer!
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/26/2013 12:16 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everyone!

Check out this awesome volunteering opportunity! And for those of you going to formal tonight, have fun!

ISRC-Love,

Nathan



    Hello ISRC Wildcats!

    We are writing to request your assistance with an upcoming field trip to NU with Evanston Township High School students. This will be the fifth run of Kits & Cats @ NU and we have had tremendous fun and success in the last few years! Many of you have volunteered with us in the past and some are new. However you are all so valuable as the most positive feedback from the ETHS students has been that their interactions with the NU students were the most valuable part of their day and they want more!


    Kits & Cats Day @ NU is targeted for students in the academic low-middle range. We try to attract students who may be on the fence about college, perhaps because they would be the first in their family to attend, or maybe they can't see why they should spend 4 more years in school. (Isn't high school bad enough?!?) What they don't realize, and what we hope to show them on this trip, is that college is so much more than high school from the range of majors, classes, organizations, student life, and countless other ways to find a niche at a university. The day is not about Northwestern per se, but rather about helping give the students inspiration and aspiration to attend college. These are sophomores and juniors from ETHS who still have time to change their path, thinking about and preparing for college.


    So we need your help in responding to what resonates most with the students - YOU! Based on student feedback from past trips, our vision with this spring event is to have a wide range of NU students from a variety of majors and disciplines that can engage the ETHS students in 'Day in the Life' tours. Different from a regular admissions tour, you could lead the students on a tour of places that you go in a day. Where are your classes? Where do you study? Hang out on campus? Eat lunch? What are your favorite places on campus? All the while engaging this small group of 5-7 students in conversation about you, your major, college options, etc. You get to show off NU, your program, and your life to these students and hopefully inspire them to want to go to college as well! 

     

    So here are the logistics: 

    Event Date: Tuesday, November 5, 2013

    Time commitment for that day: 10:00am-12:30—lunch is included! 

    Schedule for day:

    10am-10:15am—gather in Norris and meet your group

    10:15am-11:30am—you will lead tour of campus

    11:30-11:45—meet at Parkes Hall

    11:45-12:30—lunch

     

    In order to help you prepare and possibly pair you with another NU student from the same major (hint: bring a friend and lead the tour together!), we are asking that everyone attend an information and discussion session to get ideas and logistics. We will serve food and you can meet the other tour guides. This will be held in Annenberg Hall, room G01, on Tuesday October 29th from 11am-noon.  Please RSVP to Amy Pratt and Kristen Perkins (emails below) if you are interested and further details will follow.  

    We sincerely hope that you can join us for this fun and inspirational event! Please let us know if you have any questions and feel free to forward this request on to others.

    Best,

     

    Amy Pratt and Kristen Perkins

    Office of STEM Education Partnerships (OSEP)

    Amy: amy.pratt@northwestern.edu

    Kristen: kristen-perkins@northwestern.edu


-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University, Class of 2015
School of Communication: Performance Studies
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences: Biological Anthropology, Slavic Studies (minor)
International Studies Residential College, President
Theatre and Interpretation Center, Lab Theater Aide
Wildcat Welcome 2013, Peer Adviser
Spectrum Theatre Company, Special Events Director


