Asunto: Fwd: Relay for Life!!!!
De: Eric Morales <ericmorales2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/29/2013 10:53 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Forwarded from Ayla:

Hey ISRC,
In case you didn't know, I'm your new Philanthropy Chair! And my first duty is putting together the ISRC Relay for Life team. :) For those who don't know, Relay for Life is a fundraiser of ACS, the American Cancer Society. This year, Northwestern Relay for Life will be at SPAC on Friday, May 17. Lots of people sleep over, so it's technically the 17th and the 18th. Basically, a bunch of people form teams and on the actual day get together and hang out and there's food for sale and other stuff for sale (when I did it in high school, which was awesome, there was face painting, balloon animals, a drag queen beauty contest, and a bunch of different stuff all around the venue) all to raise money for a great cause. SO DO RELAY FOR LIFE!!!!!! Your awesome Eco Chair, Leena, has already started a team. Right now it's called Team Leena but at some point she'll switch it to Team ISRC. :) So here's what you do:
1. Google Northwestern Relay for Life, or follow this link. http://main.acsevents.org/site/TR/RelayForLife/RFLCY13IL?pg=entry&fr_id=48490
2. Click "Sign Up"
3. Click "Join an existing team"
4. Type the name "Team Leena", or, if that doesn't work, try "Team ISRC"
5. There will be a $10 registration fee, which I recommend paying immediately by credit card.
6. The suggested fundraising goal is $100, but you really only need to raise $50. And the $10 fee goes toward that goal.
7. Click next, etc., you can figure a bunch of it out for yourselves.
8. Follow different instructions depending on whether you're a new or returning participant.
9. After completing your registration, it would be smart to immediately look under My Tools, then under Send a Message, and click "Ask for a Donation". You'll be given a pre-written message, but you can personalize it and email it to a couple relatives/friends, and there will be a link at the bottom where people can donate, and you'll probably reach your goal just doing that!
Okay, so that's how you register! Go do it now! I just did!!!!! About fundraising here on campus, Leena's mom is awesome and will bring 10 dozen donuts for us to sell sometime Wednesday. Probably tomorrow I'll send out a doodle poll where you can sign up to sell donuts for philanthropy points. Also, porbably next Sunday we'll do canning in downtown Evanston, and I'll send out a doodle poll later in the week for that. Another chance for philanthropy points! Thank you guys so much, and if you have questions, please email me or facebook me or knock on my door (115).  I'm sure Leena wouldn't mind answering your questions, either.
JOIN OUR TEAM!!!!!!
Thanks, guys!
 
~Ayla
 
P.S.  All my emails will probably have this many exclamation points.  Not all will be this long. :)




