Asunto: Getting Your Money Back 101
De: Abigail Watt <chinwatt2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/20/2013 8:53 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey guys,

So this I figure this is a good time to remind everyone about how money works in this dorm.

This is basically what happens when you make purchases for ISRC-related events:
1. You buy something.
2. You give me your receipt.
3. I take it to SOFO (Student Organization Finance Office) and jump through some hoops to get your money back.

It's important to note that all reimbursements go through SOFO, which deals with all the student groups on campus and therefore has very strict policies on what they can and cannot reimburse.

Therefore if you aren't completely sure what you're doing, BEFORE you pay for ANYTHING, ask me (or whoever your treasurer may be) what you need to do to get your money back. 

Chances are, you will need a tax exempt form. Why? Because SOFO cannot and will not reimburse sales tax. If you're ordering from a restaurant and don't want to have to pay $10 for tax, you need to let me know beforehand so that I can get that tax exempt form for you, because if you get stuck with the tax, you'll feel bad and I'll feel bad. Tax exempt forms also don't magically appear, so let me know, as early as possible, these things:

1. Vendor
2. Date you're shopping/ordering
3. Who is going

Additionally, SOFO has rules as to which receipts can and cannot be reimbursed. This is what you need on your receipt:
1. The vendor's name + address + contact infomation
2. The date of purchase
3. An itemized list of what was bought
4. PROOF OF PURCHASE

Regarding PROOF OF PURCHASE:
- If you paid for it with a card, the receipt has to say SOMEWHERE "Visa *******-###". If it does not, give me a credit card statement showing that specific transaction.
- If you paid for it in cash, try to get a receipt that says "Paid in cash." If it's a delivery, get the delivery person to write out the tip, that it was paid, and have that person sign it.

What happens if all that information is not on the receipt? You'll have to go back to the restaurant and ask for them to reprint it and give you a copy that does have all of that information.

If your receipt is more than 90 days old when you give it to me, that's a whole other set of problems, but ones most of you won't have to deal with (rest assured, though, those problems are not fun).

I know that there have been times when it's taken a long time to get your money back. I'm not going to sit here and pretend that I was at no fault during the process, and to everyone who has had to wait a long time for their money back, I apologize. Believe me, I feel terrible when I can't get reimbursements out in time. I've made the purchases before too, and it sucks. But please also understand that exec does not take your money and just sit on it for poops and giggles while watching you agonize over your diminished funds. There is just a tedious and bureaucratic process that goes into getting that money back for you. Sometimes Murphy's Law happens and everything bad that could possible happen just does. Whether it's a hectic schedule that restricts my SOFO time, or whether it's improperly printed receipts, or whether it's just SOFO running out money, it all just comes together and slows the process way down. But you WILL get your money back, even if I have to pay you back myself. 

For a more in-depth explanation of how money works, go through and look up my email titled "Things to Know About Money" from the start of the year.
-- 
Abigail Watt
Northwestern University | Class of 2015
Medill | Journalism
(847) 440 6628 | abigailwatt@u.northwestern.edu
