Asunto: Re: Summer TKD
De: Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 6/7/2013 11:24 AM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everybody,

Again, if you aren't going to be around for the summer, I apologize for the spam.  But for those you are going to be around during the summer I spoke to Kallo about the times for training.

Mondays and Wednesdays adult classes start at 7pm.  (Wednesday is sparring day and you should show up early to put gear on)

Tuesdays and Thursdays adult classes start at 7:30.

Saturday classes are at noon.

I omitted Friday because nobody shows up for Friday classes.  Like Eric said let us know if you are interested in coming.  I know after finals people are going home and coming back at different times.  So if you are gonna be training over the summer let us know if you are coming and what time you plan on arriving back at NU.  I'm going to start biking to Skokie for training.  Most likely I'll start going either tomorrow or Monday.

If you are on campus this summer I would highly recommend training over the summer.  You'll be able to maintain your current level and improve (as oppose to slacking off and becoming weak come next fall).  Also the training sessions are just different from what we normally go through, classes have nice structure and the way things are taught feels different (you have to just experience it to know what I mean).  There will be some new instructors, so you'll get exposure to being taught from people other than Kallo, but to be honest Kallo is a pretty good guy to get instruction from.  You'll also be able to test over the summer, which is important if you want to go for 1st Dan and higher ranks.  Also on the side, we don't have to set up mats!!  Plus you will meet some pretty cool people, who I've become very friendly with and who knows they may be able to help you with any future (just saying)

Sorry for all the text.  Ok last thing and its very important.  Training over the summer isn't the same price as training at NU.  Its quite a bit more expensive.  I don't have the exact price but Master Baek gives us the deal of signing up for the minimum membership option, but allows us to train as much as we want (normally thats only for the gold or top membership people).  So I don't know exactly what the price is, but its probably around $130 per month.  Definitely a big step up from $40 per quarter.  But don't get me wrong I think its worth every penny, and its still a deal compared to the normal cost for how many times we typically go.  If the cost of summer training is too much for you to bare, talk to me and we can work something out.  

Again, sorry for the long e-mail, good luck with finals.

-Alex


On Thu, Jun 6, 2013 at 10:05 PM, Eric Gilson <eagilson@gmail.com> wrote:

    Hey all,

    Just wanted to say that everyone looked really good at the test last night. Congratulations to all those that tested.

    I am writing because I will be around this summer. So will Alex. And we wanted to set up training at the BTMA locations for those in the area this summer. The plan is to find rides for those that need it and try to coordinate class attendance so we can keep training together. If you are going to be in Evanston for the summer, or even part of the summer, please let me know so that I can put together a mailing list and not spam this one.

    -Eric




-- 
Alex Peroff
