Asunto: XRC Event: Second City Comedy Theatre
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/20/2013 9:21 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello Fairchildren!

I am excited to let you know about our next XRC Event!

In case you can't remember all the acronyms in your life, Cross Residential College (XRC) trips are for Res College residents only, and they are arranged by Nancy Anderson, director of Residential Life.  We have 4 or 5 each quarter (only one more after this!), and the Master Staff of ISRC subsidizes the ticket prices so that they are more affordable, and therefore much more tempting!  The Res Colleges provide transportation, and Fellows or Master staff attend the events, so you can get a chance to meet them, as well. And for this trip, ISRC Master, Alec Klein, is going!

 
Second City Comedy Theatre on Friday, November 1st, 6:15-10:45pm, super subsidized at $10  

     Perhaps you have heard of "the most influential and prolific comedy theatre in the world", since Second City is most well known for being the training ground for some fairly funny people: Steven Colbert, Tina Fey, Jim Belushi, Steve Carrell, Billy Murray, and a ton more. You can't live in Chicagoland and not go to the club. They put on seriously great shows in the hip Chicago neighborhood of Old Town, and this is your chance to go, at a discounted rate, with door to door transportation service from NU! This is always a super popular XRC event, and tickets will go fast! 


If you are interested in going on this trip, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part is the big one!)
    Email me ASAP if you want to go on the trip.  I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Give me ALL THE MONEYS by Monday, October 28th. No, seriously, you need to pay me, or your ticket goes to someone else. In person or under my door. Please have exact change, because I don't carry around a cash register.
    If you have any questions, send me an email. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details 
    Go on the trip


You can pay me in person (cash or check made out to Northwestern University), or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name, event and email on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

I look forward to hearing from you!

Oh, and be on the look out for our last XRC trip; it might involve Wicked. 

Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC
Northwestern University


