Asunto: Re: Last XRC: Book of Mormon!
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/11/2013 2:28 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi guys,

All the tickets are claimed and I have 6 people on the waitlist. Next quarter we'll have more awesome events, though! 

Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC
Northwestern University


On Mon, Feb 11, 2013 at 4:07 PM, Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

        Hello ISRCers!

        I've got another set of tickets for you guys! This is the last XRC trip for the quarter. And it's to see the Broadway musical, Book of Mormon! We only have a few spots, so email fast! I will also create a waitlist of 5 people. Please only reserve a ticket if you can be at the bus (outside ISRC) at 6pm and not return to campus to 10:45pm. 


        The Event:
         

         

        Tuesday, Feb 19 –   The Book of Mormon, the musical (national tour),

        Subsidized price: $30

        Estimated campus departure/return 6-10:45 PM

         

        The Book of Mormon is a religious satire musical with a book, lyrics, and music by Trey Parker, Robert Lopez, and Matt Stone.  The Book of Mormon tells the storyof two young Mormon missionaries sent to a remote village in northern Uganda, where a brutal warlord is threatening the local population. Naïve and optimistic, the two missionaries try to share the Book of Mormon, one of their scriptures—which only one of them knows very well—but have trouble connecting with the locals, who are more worried about war, famine, poverty, and AIDS than about religion.


        If you are interested in going on the trip, here is what you should do!

            Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
            Email me if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
            Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Thursday, February 14th (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
            If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
            Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


        The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

        You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

        I hope you all take this opportunity at least once per quarter! 
        I look forward to hearing from you, and have a great weekend!


        Best,

        Cheryl 
        Your Illustrious Assistant Master

        P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 



