Asunto: Talents needed for International Dinner and RCB!
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/15/2013 5:10 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello ISRCers,


So, this time I write, not with cheap tickets, but with two golden opportunities. 

As you may know, ISRC's International Dinner is our JAM. Every year, we get all dressed up, take over awesome food we've cooked, and nom on tasty treats. If there's one thing ISRC stands for, it's appreciating cultures through copious amounts of ethnic food. And this is just that, but in fancy clothes (which happens to be my jam) and waaay more food. Plus, this year we've got some awesome extras planned (can we say, "photobooth?"). I really hope to see everyone in their fanciest outfits on Sunday, February 24th, dish in hand! 

To make it even more fun, we are hosting an Inaugural Talent Show at ID (cool kids use acronyms). Entertain us, plz.

To show off your talentz:
Plan a 3-5 minute talent show, alone or with friends, whether it's singing, telling jokes or forcing the Robber Walker Experience to perform.  Then, email me your plan, so I can get all excited about figure out the timing and boring details. At ID, you'll perform, there will be claps and cheers, and you can even win prizes (like a $25 gift card to Whole Foods, or other fun, unname-able prizes). 

We can only have a limited number of people perform, so email me with your talentz!

----------------

Completely unrelated to ID, DM (see, acronyms) is coming up, and if you're into performing and helping the Dance Marathon team raise some cash monies, please consider being Mr./Miss ISRC! As a collaboration between philanthropy and social interests, RCB is putting on the first RCB Pageant to find our 2013 Mr. or Ms. RCB. The basic idea of the Pageant is that each RC will have one competitor (for a total of 11) who will go through certain segments for a final winner while also promoting Dance Marathon and raising money for the RC's teams. The event is planned to be on Saturday, March 2nd at McCormick Tribune Center at 7pm. If you want to ham it up for a good cause, plz represent ISRC! 


Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC
Northwestern University

