Asunto: Re: Persian Dinner Social at Your Illustrious Assistant Master's House on 1/31
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/25/2013 3:20 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

All the spots are full! I knew you all were suckers for free ethnic food :) 

Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC
Northwestern University


On Fri, Jan 25, 2013 at 4:35 PM, Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hello ISRCers,

    I'm excited to invite you to the next ISRC Social for the quarter: Persian dinner at my house! As you might (or not) know, my husband, who works at Kellogg, is Iranian, and basically grew up in the kitchen of persian restaurants his dad owned. He makes ridiculously tasty persian food, and since you fairchildren seem to be rather into copious amounts of free ethnic food, we thought it'd be fun to invite you over for a night of tasty persian food, lots of tea out of a samovar, and maybe even some Hok'm, the best card game ever. 

    If you're free and interested on Thursday, January 31st, from 6:30-9pm, email me and I'll confirm your RSVP. We can fit 8-10 students. 

    Plus, we'll have the super cool Neda Bagheri, a new ISRC fellow and assistant professor in engineering at NU, in attendance as well. She's also persian, and will be bringing some kind of tasty treat. Lastly, I also invited a doctoral student in Comparative Literature, who had never left Iran prior to attending graduate school. Her views of the US and life here after a life in Iran are really interesting (and she's really nice, too). Lastly, our chubby yellow lab, Noodles, will be there too, so be prepared for some puppy lovin. 

    Here's what we plan on making: 

    Borani with lavash (Eggplant, caramelized onion and mint dip with flat bread)

    Gormeh sabzi (a green herb stew with beef, kidney beans and potato)

    Saffron rice

    Cucumber Yogurt and 7.5-year Pickled Garlic (we started pickling it when we met, and it's almost sweet)

    Bastani and Faloodeh (saffron and pistachio french vanilla ice cream with a lime and rose water granita)

    Tea and Shirini (various sweets for tea)

    If you are vegetarian or gluten-free or whatever, let us know and we'll see what we can do. 

    For transportation, I live about 2 blocks from the Intercampus shuttle stop at Loyola and Red Line El stop in Chicago. You can either take the 6:13 shuttle from Chicago/Sheridan or, if you miss it, the 6:33 shuttle to my house (and walk less than 5 minutes), or take the El. I'll give more specific directions if you RSVP.

    Best,

    Cheryl



