Asunto: ASG Weekly 10/27/13
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/28/2013 8:38 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey all!

Hope you all had a good weekend. Below is a copy of the ASG weekly, which as a Northwestern student you'll start receiving every week. It's definitely worth flipping through to see what ASG initiatives are happening around campus. If you have any questions at all, please ask!


	
Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
     
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Confirmations and Elections
	

•
		

Student-Faculty Interaction Grants
	

•
		

Submit to the Campus Loop
	

•
		

Introducing Wildcat Carry Out
	

•
		

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision

ASG in the News

ASG fills diversity position, subsidizes Dance Marathon registration (North by Northwestern)

ASG votes to fund Dance Marathon registration fee 'scholarships' (The Daily Northwestern)

ASG Senate unanimously confirms Thaddeus Tukes to top diversity position (The Daily Northwestern)

ASG launches program letting students have dinner with Evanston residents (The Daily Northwestern)

ASG rejects tobacco ban resolution, announces takeout option coming to Plex (The Daily Northwestern)
		
	

Confirmations and Elections

Congratulations to Thaddeus Tukes, BSM & MSJ '16, on being unanimously confirmed as the new Associate Vice President of Diversity & Inclusion!

Evan Frohman, Frances Fu, Nevil George, and Maddy Low were elected to the 10K Initiative. Jason Arnold, Sean Earley, KC Chilamkurti, Amrit Kanesa-thasan, Adam Roth, and Tori Zuzelo were elected to the Student Activities Finance Committee. 

Student-Faculty Interaction Grants

Beginning this academic year, students and faculty members can apply for Student-Faculty Interaction Grants.  These grants provide funds that enable you to build meaningful experiences for your students. Grants will be available for undergraduates in a number of settings: your classes, seminars, advising groups, residences, and other places. We hope to inspire you to invite undergraduates and professors to cultural affairs, meals, and other intellectually enriching events to foster a sense of camaraderie and community at Northwestern.

Read more about the Student-Faculty Interaction Grants here. 

Submit to the Campus Loop

The Campus Loop listserv allows for students, faculty, and staff to post brief descriptions of Northwestern related events in a weekly distributed online newsletter. The newsletter is published most Wednesday evenings during the academic year.

Submit your student group's events here. 

Introducing Wildcat Carry Out

Wildcat Carry Out provides busy students with a time sensitive way to grab dinner on the go. Students are now able to stop by Foster-Walker West between 8:30pm-11:00pm, Monday-Thursday to select what they would like for dinner and carry it out minutes later. ASG Student Life is working with NUCuisine and Sodexo to ensure that every student, no matter how busy, is able to use their meal plan by accommodating for all schedules and ensuring brief wait times. Meal options will most likely resemble those that were lost by the closing of the Great Room.

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision

Have you checked out Campus Voice yet? Using this online forum, students are able to express themselves by submitting ideas, problems, or questions about Northwestern student life! Giving ASG and the administration feedback about your concerns has never been easier!

Once you log in with their NetID, you will be able to make suggestions for campus improvements. Other students can then vote and comment on your ideas.

ASG representatives will explore every suggestion. We will then track each project’s progress on the website, keeping you informed every step along the way.

Visit campusvoice.northwestern.edu and start posting today!
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
		

	
				

-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
