Asunto: Re: Stock and Materials
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/22/2013 7:55 AM
Para: Scott Simpson <scott-simpson@northwestern.edu>

Hello Scott,

I am currently enrolled in DTC, but these are materials that I was planning on using to practice with the mills/metal lathes.
I'll get in touch with them, thank you.

Sincerely,
Ethan Robison

On Tue, Jan 22, 2013 at 8:58 AM, Scott Simpson <scott-simpson@northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Ethan,

    What class is this for ?  We really don't stock brass because it is very expensive, as is Al. depending on
    the alloy/grade, diameter and length.

    Talk with Bob or Joe and they can order if its for a class.

    S
    From: Ethan Christopher Robison
    Sent: Tuesday, January 22, 2013 8:54 AM
    To: Scott Simpson
    Subject: Re: Stock and Materials

    Hello Again,

    Regarding specific materials, I am looking for extruded aluminum and brass rods, but square stock will be adequate, if round is unavailable.

    Thanks again,
    Ethan Robison

    On Tue, Jan 22, 2013 at 7:42 AM, Scott Simpson <scott-simpson@northwestern.edu> wrote:

        Hey Ethan,

        Not sure exactly what materials you need but anything on the racks by the west
        windows is yours for DTC projects.  If you can't find anything suitable, just ask
        Joe or Bob to order from Mc Master for you.

        S
        From: Ethan Christopher Robison
        Sent: Monday, January 21, 2013 11:35 PM
        To: Scott Simpson
        Subject: Stock and Materials

        Hello Sir,

        I am emailing to inquire as to the procedure that one might follow to obtain shop materials (stock, etc.). In short, is there a sufficient supply available that I may simply use raw materials without prior approval or notice (within reason). If I may not, how might I go about ordering or garnering these items ahead of time? As well, what is regurarly available in the shop, if anything is?
        If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.

        Many thanks,
        Ethan Robison



