Asunto: Re: Points (Again)
De: Hannah Lin <hannahlin2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/3/2013 7:06 AM
Para: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
CC: Cheryl Berriman <caberriman@gmail.com>

Hey Ethan, 

I talked to Cheryl at the end of last quarter; we are extending the points leniency a little bit for you, but please be sure to do the following: 

We need you to make up your points by Monday, April 22. For you, that would mean 1/2 Exec/committee point, one academic, one service, and one philanthropy. Again, for academic/philanthropy, events can also be outside of ISRC, just be sure to check with me and/or Kyle, the new academic chair. 

As for service, I'm not sure if the new Exec Board will have someone doing bathroom notes, since they don't have a secretary yet, but if you want, you could help us clean off the main lounge windows. I'm pretty sure we used washable paint, so wet paper towels, or any sort of Wet Wipe, or window cleaner should do the job. 

Lastly, read and follow the instructions in my housing e-mail. 

Hope that helps, 

Hannah 


On Tue, Apr 2, 2013 at 7:54 PM, Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hello, Hannah,

    I do hate to bother you about points even further, but I definitely want to live here next year. A friend of mine advised me to explain to you that my schedule was rather full last quarter. I am not certain if it is any excuse for the particular points that I missed, but I did have:

    Aikido Club 6 p.m. - 8 p.m. Mondays and Fridays
    Tae Kwon Do 8 p.m. - 10 p.m. Mondays
    Work Study (at Norris) 8 p.m. - 12 a.m. Tuesdays and 2 p.m. - 4 p.m. Wednesdays
    Orgo Lab 6 p.m. - 10 p.m. Wednesdays

    Some of these things are less "activities" than they are obligations, but I wanted to let you know that it wasn't the case (the vast majority of the time) that I was sitting around in the suites doing nothing. Hopefully this information is useful. If there is anything at all that I could do to help improve the likelihood that I will be able to live in ISRC please let me know; I really like it here and would definitely like to come back.

    Thanks,
    Ethan


