Asunto: Draft DTC Team Charter (ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu)
De: "William Krinsman (Google Drive)" <williamkrinsman2012@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/12/2013 1:20 PM
Para: ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu
CC: jackletche2012@u.northwestern.edu, jonascarlsson2016@u.northwestern.edu

Ich habe etwas für Sie freigegeben

Hey guys,

This is the draft team charter I was telling you about. Feel free to look at it and suggest edits/changes for us to consider. Hopefully we'll be able to spend some time talking about it during our meeting tomorrow.

-Will Krinsman

Textdokument 	Draft DTC Team Charter

Hier sehen Sie eine Vorschau:
Draft DTC Team Charter

*Special thanks to those previous DTC teams whose charters were copied in large portions to create this document.

MISSION

Our mission is to earn an “A” grade for all team deliverables and to build a product that makes us proud, on a time table that allows us to finish early and avoid unnecessary end-of-quarter stress, waiting in line for two hours to use the machines near the end of the quarter, and more time to refine our prototype to ensure that we get a good grade.

Communication

    Reply to emails within 24 hours all days of the week.

    Even if just to note that the email has been received and to explain the delay in giving a full response; if this is done a concrete time must be given by which a full response will be sent.

    Reply to all emails.
    Use emails primarily shorter questions/inquiries.
    If two team members cannot meet each other on short notice, phone calls will be the preferred method of communication if more detailed or lengthy discussions are required -- We recognize the potential for ambiguity and unnecessary delay that email has for these types of conversations.
    Be open to all idea expressed by team members and discuss them seriously; we should not dismiss any without serious consideration even if we don’t agree with them.
    Criticism should be directed primarily at ideas and suggestions not at people or personalities, and should be constructive, honest, and forthcoming.
    Compliment someone whenever they do a job well.
    Never talk behind a team member’s back.
    Written deliverables will be posted on Google Docs and Shared with everyone

Meetings

Attendance

    We will do everything in our ability to show up on time for each meeting. This means showing up five minutes early, if possible, rather than five minutes late.
    We are late if we show up at all after the meeting.
    If we are late without excuse we will buy and bring the other team members food for the next meeting.
    If you must be late for a meeting, due to a schedule conflict unique to that week, you must email the team within 24 hours of the meeting.
    If you cannot attend a meeting, you must email the team within 36 hours of the meeting.
    After one absence, the member’s absence will be brought up at the next meeting.

Protocol

    Set and adhere to a regular meeting day, time, and place throughout the project; these will be held to the standards stated above.
    Other meetings can be scheduled on a as-needed basis, but if members cannot make those meetings due to their schedules they will not be held responsible.
    Efficient meetings - aiming for one hour of work
    No outside conversations through cell phone or computer; stay attentive and focused during the meeting.
    At each meeting, assign someone to record topics discussed and decisions made, and keep track of time.

Agenda

    Meeting agenda is circulated via email at least 12 hours prior to meeting time. It should include the class deliverables for that week as mentioned in the syllabus as well as the personal concerns, questions, and issues of all members.
    Each member should be ready to participate at meetings.

Roles and Responsibilities

    Identify and draw on team members’ diverse strengths and interests during our work. Project tasks will be distributed in a way that takes advantage of the individual skill sets and yield the highest quality results.
    If a member does not finish a task they were aware was assigned to them, they must buy and bring food and drink to the next meeting.
    Each person has multiple responsibilities and fulfilling these is essential to team success.
    These responsibilities necessarily include team activities (meetings, user observation, interviews, mockup building, etc.) and individual assigned tasks (e.g. written deliverables, research gathering, etc.).
    We will decide upon individual responsibilities at meetings and in class, and we will record these responsibilities in a form easily usable to us and shared as a Google Doc with every member of the team, so everyone is clearly aware of their own responsibilities as welll as the responsibilities of others in the team.

Intrinsic Motivation

    Everyone has specific and attainable goals. Our work should allow each person to achieve their goals.
    Each member acknowledges that their actions affect the grades and performance of the other team members.
    Each member is committing to have the motivation necessary to perform their tasks to the level as stated in the mission statement.

Accountability

    Group tasks take priority over personal relationships within the group.
    If a member fails to make valuable contributions to the project, we will pull the individual aside to make sure everything is okay and see what we can do to address the issue. The question of the performance will necessarily be on the agenda of the next meeting.
     If nothing changes within a week, we’ll set a meeting with our instructor and raise the issue with them.

Decision-Making

    Team members may not on their own make decisions that affect the project direction.

    Instead, unanimous agreement is required for these fundamental decisions. We will achieve consensus through discussion at team meetings.

    Individuals may make decisions on their own when it comes to their assigned tasks. However at meetings these decisions will be reviewed by the entire team to ensure that they are in keeping with the overall project direction.

Handling Conflicts

    We will confront conflicts in a mature and constructive manner when they arise.
    When someone feels there is an issue that needs to be resolved, he should bring it up in a way that avoids being either hostile or confrontational (see sixth bullet point of communication).
    The person being addressed should avoid responding defensively (again, see sixth bullet point of communication).
    The goal of the discussion should be to reach agreement on taking specific actions that satisfy the needs of all concerned.
    If one person remains dissatisfied, he or she should express that and continue to try to resolve the problem until all feel that they have reached genuine agreement.
    If tempers flare and discussion gets out of hand, a break should be called for so people can calm down.
    If the team feels that progress is not being made and the project is in jeopardy, we will arrange to meet with the instructors for guidance.


Google Drive: Alle Ihre Inhalte an einem Ort erstellen, freigeben und speichern 	Logo für Google Drive
