Asunto: Fwd: FW: Inclusion Programs-Student Recruitment - please advertise
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/18/2013 10:40 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Greetings!

 

There are a lot of exciting things happening in the Department of Campus Inclusion and Community and we would need your help recruiting students to participate in the programs listed below.

 

Peer Inclusion Educators

The Peer Inclusion Educators Program has released their applications. We are looking for students who have an interest in growing as facilitators of inclusion and social justice workshops. If there are any students who are particularly passionate about these issues or who have the potential to flourish in this type of leadership role, please send us their names to nominate them and encourage them to apply. If you would like to send it to them yourself, here is the application. 

 

Sustained Dialogue

Students are also able to sign up here to participant in Sustained Dialogue during the Winter Quarter, 2014. Please inform students that if they are interested in moderating for Sustained Dialogue, the training will be January 4th and 5th from 9am-5pm. 

 

Students can contact us with any questions at inclusion@northwestern.edu. Thank you and please let us know how we can support you and your programs. Happy Monday!

 

Best,

 

Lesley-Ann

 

Lesley-Ann Brown, Ph.D

Director of Campus Inclusion and Community

Division of Student Affairs

Northwestern University

Scott Hall Room 002 (Lower Level)

601 University Place

Evanston, IL 60208

Phone: 847.467.3419

Fax: 847.467.2523


Relator •Focus •Achiever •Connectedness •Responsibility

 

“I believe the choice to be excellent begins with aligning your thoughts and words with the intention to require more from yourself.” –Oprah Winfrey

 

 



-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University, Class of 2015
School of Communication: Performance Studies
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences: Biological Anthropology, Slavic Studies (minor)
International Studies Residential College, President
Theatre and Interpretation Center, Lab Theater Aide
Wildcat Welcome 2013, Peer Adviser
Spectrum Theatre Company, Special Events Director


