Asunto: XRC trip to the Adler Planetarium - Email to RSVP!
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/17/2013 8:44 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello ISRCers!

We've got some seriously great XRC trips this quarter, and I've got another set of tickets! This time, it's to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago, with transportation from ISRC included!

Cross-college (XRC) trips are for Res College residents only, and they are arranged by Nancy Anderson, director of Residential Life.  We have 4 or 5 each quarter, and the Master Staff of ISRC subsidizes the ticket prices so that they are more affordable, and therefore much more tempting!  The Res Colleges provide transportation, and Fellows or Master staff attend the events, so you can get a chance to meet them, as well. 

The Event:
 

Saturday, January 26th, 12-5pm, Adler Planetarium!  

Subsidized price: $10 ($28 value plus transportation)


In 2011, the Adler Planetarium revealed a new, immersive space experience like no other in the world! “Welcome to the Universe” takes you aboard the observation deck of a futuristic starship where you are surrounded by the larger-than-life phenomena of our dynamic Universe. The centerpiece of “Welcome to the Universe” is the Grainger Sky Theater, which offers audiences the most immersive, technologically enhanced theater experience ever developed – with space imagery in the highest resolution and quality possible.  Audiences encounter the Universe at a level of realism that can only be surpassed by actual space travel.  Our group will have the opportunity to view this special screening along with “3D Sun” in the Johnson Theater.  Our group will also have the time to view some exhibits such as – The Universe, a walk through space and time, Shoot for the Moon and their Solar System Gallery.


If you are interested in going on this trip, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
    Email me by this FRIDAY (the 18th) if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Monday, January 21st (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
    If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

I hope you all take this opportunity at least once per quarter! 
I look forward to hearing from you, and have a great weekend!


Best,

Cheryl 
Your Illustrious Assistant Master

P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 
