Asunto: ASG Weekly | March 8, 2013
De: Sarah Bridgewaters <sarahbridgewaters2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 3/9/2013 11:13 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>






	
		
Facebook icon		
Like
		Twitter icon		
Tweet
		Forward icon		
Forward
	
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

ASG calls on University to create Ricky Byrdsong memorial
	

•
		

10K Initiative Voting
	

•
		

Vote Evanston
	

•
		

Cab Corner: NU's Cab Sharing Solution
	

•
		

Senate confirms new VPs, Election Commission, reforms campaign rules
	

•
		

Unofficial Study Abroad Guide
	

•
		

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision

ASG In The News

ASG passes resolutions on sustainability, Byrdsong, campaign reform
The Daily Northwestern

Vote Evanston campaign attempts to engage students in local election
The Daily Northwestern

ASG passes comprehensive campaign reform legislation
North by Northwestern

UDC, ASG host diversity credit forum
North by Northwestern
 
		
	

ASG calls on University to create Ricky Byrdsong memorial

Acting unanimously, Senators on Wednesday exhorted the University to create a “permanent site in memory of Ricky Byrdsong” to “serve the Northwestern, Evanston, and Skokie communities as a resolute stand against racial hatred and violence.”

Ricky Byrdsong was a husband, a father of two, and the first African-American men’s basketball coach at Northwestern. His murder in front of his children in 1999 was "a shocking reminder of the persistent and unwelcome presence of racial hatred and racial violence in communities and neighborhoods across the nation."

His family and local companies & organizations host the annual Race Against Hate in his memory, which attracts thousands of people from all over Chicagoland.

Senators review, discuss proposal for new academic program

During Senate, members of the University Diversity Committee and the ASG Diversity & Inclusion Committee presented the proposal for a new Social Inequalities & Diversities requirement for all undergraduates. ASG members then discussed the proposal and related topics in breakout sessions. The proposal, available here, is currently under review by faculty.

Senate supports creation of a Sustainability Fund

Senators encouraged the University to create a Sustainability Fund to fund student-led initiatives and projects. While Northwestern has already committed millions of dollars to sustainability research, construction, and other initiatives, there are no funds for student-initiated efforts.

Mark Silberg, the ASG Associate VP for Sustainability, said the fund could support anything from “students attending UN conferences to renewable energy projects to solar trees (solar-powered charging stations).”

Senate endorsed the creation of the $50,000 fund, to be jointly administered by permanent representatives from ASG, the Office of Sustainability, the student body, and faculty.

10K Initiative Voting
	
	

The ideas are in! Vote for the project you think will bring the most to Northwestern. Voting begins Monday.

Create outdoor community spaces through the purchase of benches and picnic tables.
Potential locations include the new quad outside Scott Hall, the northernmost fraternity quad, behind the Jacobs Center and in front of the fraternity quad.

Commission a statue of Willie the Wildcat
Design and build a statue of Willie the Wildcat for display on campus in front of the Norris University Center.   The aim is to build tradition and enhance Wildcat pride!

Sponsor an Outdoor Film Series
Sponsor a 5 or 6 film outdoor movie series on the Norris East Lawn, once the weather is nice enough, of course!

Enhance our sustainability initiatives with front-end composting
Implement front-end composting on campus to increase Northwestern’s sustainability and awareness of the issue.

Vote Evanston
	
	

Don't miss your final chance to register to vote this week. Registration will be taking place:

Tuesdays, 5:30 - 7:30
Plex Lobby

Thursdays, 5:30 - 7:30
Allison Lobby

For more information please visit: asg.northwestern.edu/vote-evanston

Cab Corner: NU's Cab Sharing Solution
	
	

ASG is pleased to announce the introduction of ‘Cab Corner,’ a cab sharing program for the exclusive of Northwestern students. The service will allow students to coordinate date, time and location of their destination and be matched with students traveling with similar itinerary.

The program will be hosted at nu.cabcorner.com. Once on the site students can either submit a request for a cab share or view postings to find one that match their needs. The program will be especially useful during the holidays when students can prearrange their transportation to and from the airport.

Senate confirms new VPs, Election Commission, reforms campaign rules

New Financial & Student Groups Vice Presidents confirmed

Senate confirmed juniors Siddiq Ather and Neel Lalkiya as the new Financial and Student Groups Vice President, respectively.

Ather succeeds Girish Pendse as the head of the Student Activities Finance Committee (SAFC), which advises, audits, and allocates funds to A-Status student groups. Lalkiya replaces Lauren Masterson as the chair of the Student Groups Committee, which oversees B- and T-Status student groups.

Both Ather and Lalkiya served on the SAFC and SGC, respectively, for more than a year prior to their new appointments.

Campaign rules reformed, Election Commissioners elected

Senate switched the Spring campus-wide elections to a preferential voting system, which will allow students to rank candidates and eliminate the need for runoff voting. In addition, new regulations for pre-campaign period activities and the role of the election commission were approved. Students who secure the 300 signatures required for ballot placement will now be provided with a base amount of flyer paper, chalk, and other supplies, and may not spend more than $150 on further materials.

Seven students were appointed to the election commission, which regulates the Spring campus-wide elections for ASG leadership positions: Senior Jason Richardson, and Senators Abby Klearman, Tori Zuzelo, Alex Deitchman, Petros Karahalios, Dana Leinbach, and Alex Lower.

Unofficial Study Abroad Guide

ASG is creating an Unofficial Study Abroad Guide website and we need your help! Organized by specific location, the site intends to offer Northwestern students exclusive peer-to-peer advice on many aspects of Study Abroad, ranging from what to expect in the classroom to where to go out at night.

If you've studied abroad, we would greatly appreciate if you could take some time to complete the attached Word Doc forms regarding your own personal study abroad experiences and recommendations. We encourage candid and thorough answers, and guarantee complete anonymity.

There are two separate questionnaire forms: one for where you studied abroad here and one for locations that you traveled to here. The priority should be to complete the form regarding your study abroad host city, but we would really appreciate you filling it out for cities you visited, too. 

We ask that you answer the questions in a color rather than black, and once completed, please email the document, or any questions/concerns to asgstudyabroad@gmail.com.

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision

Have you checked out Campus Voice yet? Using this online forum, students are able to express themselves by submitting ideas, problems, or questions about Northwestern student life! Giving ASG and the administration feedback about your concerns has never been easier!

Once you log in with their NetID, you will be able to make suggestions for campus improvements. Other students can then vote and comment on your ideas.

ASG representatives will explore every suggestion. We will then track each project’s progress on the website, keeping you informed every step along the way.

Visit campusvoice.northwestern.edu and start posting today!
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews


		

	
				

>
>

