Asunto: Re: IMPORTANT - Housing Information
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 3/19/2013 10:08 AM
Para: Hannah Lin <hannahlin2015@u.northwestern.edu>

Hannah,

As I recall, there was a recent change to the rules in ISRC that each committee meeting would be worth an entire point (instead of just one). Even though I went to a meeting that happened before this change, would it be possible to change my half of a point to a whole point?

Additionally, I have gone to approximately 6 philanthropy events hosted by different sororities and fraternities (for Dance Marathon, I believe).

I also helped Sarah Bridgewaters put bathroom notes up at one point (I contacted her and she is going to resend the list to you).

Finally, I had some friends (Maddie, Robbie, Jenny, and Thomas) watch Pan's Labyrinth (a Spanish film). Even though this doesn't count as IFN, technically. Does this count as anything? It was sort of a random thing, but I invited as many people as I was in contact with when organizing it.

Hopefully this is useful information! If there is anything else that I can do to help you out with this, just let me know.

Thank you so much,
Ethan

2013/3/18 Hannah Lin <hannahlin2015@u.northwestern.edu>

    Hey Ethan, 

    The general policy right now is that anyone missing less than 2 points can make it up within the first two weeks of spring quarter. As of right now, that doesn't seem to apply to you. 

    Is there anything else you've gone to/done that you think can count for points? Any philanthropy events outside of ISRC? Any special lectures/events that could count for academic points? 

    Hannah 


    On Mon, Mar 18, 2013 at 1:41 PM, Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

        Hello Hannah,

        I was looking over the list for Winter quarter, and I do not seem to have sufficient points to be on any of the lists. I am not entirely certain whether or not I should be on any of them, but it is possible that I participated enough. Is there anything that I can do to ensure that I will be eligible to return to ISRC next year, despite a dearth of points?

        Thanks,
        Ethan

        2013/3/15 Hannah Lin <hannahlin2015@u.northwestern.edu>

            Hey everyone, 

            You should have received an e-mail from the Undergraduate Housing Office today. The "Returning Student Housing Application Procedure" is only if you wish to enter the housing lottery for residence halls, not residential colleges, sorority/fraternity houses, or other exclusive-use buildings.  Entering the housing lottery automatically forfeits you from every other housing process. 

            If you plan to live in ISRC next year, please follow the instructions below. 

            1. Make sure you earned enough points to be on 3rd list in both fall and winter quarters (http://bit.ly/UEzfy4 and http://bit.ly/Sxa2BT). If you are missing points, and you have not already talked to me, you must do so ASAP. I can't help you after the quarter is over. 

            2. Print and fill out the Letter of Intent (attached) and return it to me by 12 p.m. (noon) on Friday, April 5th. You can give it to me in person, or slide it under my door, room 309. The housing office will not accept residents without this form. 

            3. E-mail me by 11:59 p.m. on Monday, April 8th with: 
            a) the name of your roommate (if you plan to have one)
            b) your top three room preferences for next year (http://groups.northwestern.edu/isrc/floorplan.html)

            As always, if you have any questions about any part of the housing process (ISRC or otherwise), feel free to ask! 

            Hope you all have a wonderful spring break. :) 

            Hannah 




