Asunto: ASG Weekly: 11.20.13
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/22/2013 3:02 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey all, only 6 days until Thanksgiving!
Now that you've all signed up for classes, definitely check out BookSwap. It has some great search features and listings that you just can't get on some Facebook page. Also, brainstorm some ideas for the 10K initiative - we want to get as many submissions as we can! Go 'cats, please beat Michigan State.


	
Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
     
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Post your Books on BookSwap
	

•
		

How would you change Northwestern?
	

•
		

Submit to Free Your Mind's "Greater Than" Photo Campaign
	

•
		

Student-Faculty Interaction Grants
	

•
		

Submit to the Campus Loop

ASG in the News

ASG Senate approves more than $160K for A-status student groups (The Daily Northwestern)

ASG launches 10K Initiative, finishes supplementary funding (North by Northwestern)

Associated Student Government opens faculty interaction grants to student applications (The Daily Northwestern)

ASG, student groups launch Greater Than mental health campaign (The Daily Northwestern)

ASG finalizes winter funding for student groups (North by Northwestern)
		
	

Post your Books on BookSwap

As the quarter is starting to wind down, don't forget to post your books on BookSwap!

BookSwap allows you to search listings by class or book. Get the lowest price for your books—even cheaper than Amazon!

How would you change Northwestern?

One idea will receive $10,000 from ASG 

How would you leave an impact on Northwestern? ASG is now accepting submissions for the 10K Initiative. Past initiatives to receive funding include Wi-Fi on the Lakefill and increasing the number of park benches on campus. Campus will vote on ideas at the end of Winter Quarter. The submission deadline for proposals is December 14th.

Submit your idea today here. 

Submit to Free Your Mind's "Greater Than" Photo Campaign

In collaboration with NU Active Minds and NU Listens, ASG has launched a year long initiative called “Free Your Mind.” Designed to open dialogue about mental health on campus, the Free Your Mind initiative will be focusing on reducing stigma this quarter through its “Greater Than” campaign. To learn more about the Greater Than campaign, check out our Facebook event here. To learn more about the Free Your Mind Initiative, check out our website here.

If you are interested in participating, please email freeyourmindNU@gmail.com with a picture of yourself holding up a blank piece of paper in the landscape form and the blurb you would like associated with that picture. 

Student-Faculty Interaction Grants

Beginning this academic year, students and faculty members can apply for Student-Faculty Interaction Grants.  These grants provide funds that enable you to build meaningful experiences for your students. Grants will be available for undergraduates in a number of settings: your classes, seminars, advising groups, residences, and other places. We hope to inspire you to invite undergraduates and professors to cultural affairs, meals, and other intellectually enriching events to foster a sense of camaraderie and community at Northwestern.

Read more about the Student-Faculty Interaction Grants here. 

Submit to the Campus Loop

The Campus Loop listserv allows for students, faculty, and staff to post brief descriptions of Northwestern related events in a weekly distributed online newsletter. The newsletter is published most Wednesday evenings during the academic year.

Submit your student group's events here. 
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
		

	
				

-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
