Asunto: [NORRIS-STUDENT] Reminder: Please Join Us on Nov 4th for a Norris Staff Town Hall Meeting
De: <norrisemployment@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/30/2013 7:24 AM
Para: <NORRIS-STUDENT@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

‎Good morning! 

Please accept this as a friendly reminder regarding our first Norris Staff Town Hall meeting at 4:30pm on Monday, November 4‎th, in Louis South. We hope to see you there!

‎Have a great day!

The Norris Student Employment ‎Committee


From: Norris Student Employment Committee
Sent: Friday, October 25, 2013 12:22 PM
To: NORRIS-student@listserv.it.northwestern.edu
Subject: Oops! Please Join Us for a Norris Staff Town Hall Meeting

Hello Norris Staff,

 

The Norris Student Employment Committee (NSEC) would like to invite you to our first ever Norris Staff Town Hall meeting on Monday, November 4th in Louis South at 4:30 pm. The meeting will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. 

 

See what’s being planned at Norris.  Share comments, concerns, and ideas for our Center.  Get to know your Norris teammates.  There will be a time for questions and answers built into the meeting.  Because it will have content that has some bearing on your position, you will be paid for your time. The theme is “Getting to Know Each Other.”  We want you to get to know us and vice versa.   An agenda will be sent before the meeting with more details.

 

This town hall is the first of a planned monthly series designed to create opportunities for student learning and equally as important, to provide a forum for your suggestions and feedback.  All Norris Student staff and full time staffers are welcome.  We would like to see 100% participation, however understand that you are busy people.  We look forward to seeing you on the 4th.

 

Thanks,

 
The 2013-14 Norris Student Employment Committee

-- 
 
The Norris Student Employment Committee is committed to enhancing student employee education through experiential learning, community building, and opportunities to develop professional skills in a diverse, supportive environment.


---- NOTICE: You are receiving this message because you are listed as a current student employee at the Norris Center. If you no longer work at Norris or have questions about this list, please contact Jennifer Stripe at 847-491-2385 or jennifer-king@northwestern.edu.
