Asunto: Relay for life!
De: Eric Morales <ericmorales2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/11/2013 12:22 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi everyone,
I'm on the committee for Relay for Life and I made a team that anyone in ISRC is free to join! The name of the team is Team Leena (the name can definitely be changed, I just couldn't think of anything else to name it haha...). If you haven't heard of Relay for Life, here's a blurb from committee:

Relay For Life of Northwestern University!

What: Relay For Life is an overnight experience that gives college campuses and communities an opportunity to unite as one in the fight against cancer and help save more lives. For this one night, in recognition of the fact that "cancer never sleeps," we ask every team to have at least one representative walking around the track throughout the night. In doing so, we celebrate the lives of those we have lost to the disease and honor those who are currently battling cancer and the survivors who are still with us today. We also have a lot of fun, with past activities including karaoke, a photo booth, student group performances, dancing, knockout tournaments, etc. And, of course, you'll be well fed with anything from Jamba Juice to Einstein Bagels to Pizza.  Plus, all of the money that teams raise for the event goes directly to the American Cancer Society--in fact, 95 cents of every dollar goes to research, advocacy, and patient services like transportation to and from appointments, childcare for the children of cancer patients, and information about the disease. Last year, our 800+ participants raised more than $160,000.00 for the American Cancer Society and since Relay started at Northwestern we have raised over $1,000,000--wouldn’t you like to help us raise even more?  
 
Date: May 17-18, 2013 from 6:00 PM – 6:00 AM

Location: Henry Crown Sports Pavilion and Aquatics Center (SPAC)

Fundraising Minimum: $50 per person (based on the overall team total)

Event Website (register here): http://www.RelayForLife.org/NorthwesternIL

Facebook Page (like us!): http://www.facebook.com/RelayForLifeNorthwesternUniversity


Feel free to contact your NU Relay Team Development Co-Chairs, Justin Rondinelli (JustinRondinelli2012@u.northwestern.edu) and Priya Shah (PriyaShah2014@u.northwestern.edu), with any questions you may have. Thank you for your time, and I hope to see you at our event this year!

Please join! It'll be really fun!!
Thanks,
Leena

