Asunto: ASG Weekly 11/13/13
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/15/2013 3:20 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Happy Friday!

Check out this issue of the weekly for information on how to apply to an ASG committee. Being on a committee isn't a huge time commitment, and you get to really make a difference in the life of the students.

Go 'cats, beat Michigan!

	
Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
     
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Apply to be on the Diversity and Inclusion, Services, Student Groups Committees!
	

•
		

Submit to Free Your Mind's "Greater Than" Photo Campaign
	

•
		

Submit to the Campus Loop
	

•
		

Student-Faculty Interaction Grants

ASG in the News

ASG, Wildside join NUMB to promote Purple Fridays (The Daily Northwestern)

Associated Student Government members to offer multiple Senate reform proposals (The Daily Northwestern)
		
	

Apply to be on the Diversity and Inclusion, Services, Student Groups Committees!

The Diversity & Inclusion, Services, and Student Groups Committees are now accepting applications! The applications are due Wednesday, Nov. 20 at 6:00 pm.

Committee descriptions and applications can be found here. 

Submit to Free Your Mind's "Greater Than" Photo Campaign

In collaboration with NU Active Minds and NU Listens, ASG has launched a year long initiative called “Free Your Mind.” Designed to open dialogue about mental health on campus, the Free Your Mind initiative will be focusing on reducing stigma this quarter through its “Greater Than” campaign. To learn more about the Greater Than campaign, check out our Facebook event here. To learn more about the Free Your Mind Initiative, check out our website here.

If you are interested in participating, please email freeyourmindNU@gmail.com with a picture of yourself holding up a blank piece of paper in the landscape form and the blurb you would like associated with that picture. 

Submit to the Campus Loop

The Campus Loop listserv allows for students, faculty, and staff to post brief descriptions of Northwestern related events in a weekly distributed online newsletter. The newsletter is published most Wednesday evenings during the academic year.

Submit your student group's events here. 

Student-Faculty Interaction Grants

Beginning this academic year, students and faculty members can apply for Student-Faculty Interaction Grants.  These grants provide funds that enable you to build meaningful experiences for your students. Grants will be available for undergraduates in a number of settings: your classes, seminars, advising groups, residences, and other places. We hope to inspire you to invite undergraduates and professors to cultural affairs, meals, and other intellectually enriching events to foster a sense of camaraderie and community at Northwestern.

Read more about the Student-Faculty Interaction Grants here. 
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
		

	
				


-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
