Asunto: ASG Weekly 11/6/13
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/7/2013 6:07 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey guys!

Hope you all had a pleasant Halloween. Try to take the time to read these emails, there's some pretty cool (and often free) stuff in them. Have a good Friday and come to the basketball on Saturday!

	
Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
     
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Free CFL Bulbs and Showerheads!
	

•
		

Submit to the Campus Loop
	

•
		

Student-Faculty Interaction Grants
	

•
		

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision

ASG in the News

ASG to unveil campus email list for events promotion (The Daily Northwestern)

ASG caucuses elect whips, tech VP hints at negotiations with NUTV replacement (The Daily Northwestern)

New ASG diversity head Thaddeus Tukes seeks a more inclusive Northwestern (The Daily Northwestern)
		
	

Free CFL Bulbs and Showerheads!
	
	

This Thursday will be the last day to pick up CFL bulbs and showerheads! The Sustainability Committee will once again be distributing at Table 1 on the ground floor of Norris from 9AM to 5PM. Regardless of whether you’re on the waitlist, you can pick up any number of CFL bulbs (within reason) and one showerhead. After Thursday, any remaining bulbs and showerheads will be distributed to Eco-Reps and Norris staff. Get them quick! 

Submit to the Campus Loop

The Campus Loop listserv allows for students, faculty, and staff to post brief descriptions of Northwestern related events in a weekly distributed online newsletter. The newsletter is published most Wednesday evenings during the academic year.

Submit your student group's events here. 

Student-Faculty Interaction Grants

Beginning this academic year, students and faculty members can apply for Student-Faculty Interaction Grants.  These grants provide funds that enable you to build meaningful experiences for your students. Grants will be available for undergraduates in a number of settings: your classes, seminars, advising groups, residences, and other places. We hope to inspire you to invite undergraduates and professors to cultural affairs, meals, and other intellectually enriching events to foster a sense of camaraderie and community at Northwestern.

Read more about the Student-Faculty Interaction Grants here. 

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision

Have you checked out Campus Voice yet? Using this online forum, students are able to express themselves by submitting ideas, problems, or questions about Northwestern student life! Giving ASG and the administration feedback about your concerns has never been easier!

Once you log in with their NetID, you will be able to make suggestions for campus improvements. Other students can then vote and comment on your ideas.

ASG representatives will explore every suggestion. We will then track each project’s progress on the website, keeping you informed every step along the way.

Visit campusvoice.northwestern.edu and start posting today!
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
		

	
				

-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
