Asunto: Re: You should probably take this class next quarter
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 3/7/2013 8:27 PM
Para: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>

Hello Cheryl,

I would like to take this, but I'd to take an opportunity from anyone (I am an engineer after all). So, if I end up taking someone's slot, just switch me out. Otherwise, I'd be interested in signing up.

Ethan Robison (Frank)

El jueves, 7 de marzo de 2013, Cheryl Berriman escribió:

    Hello Fairchildren,

    I just wanted to make sure you guys knew about our very own tutorial (i.e. secret class) offered next quarter. 

    Tutorials are a perk of living at a Res College. Fellows plan a special, seminar-like, discussion-based, wear-your-pajamas kind of class on a topic of interest. It's just for you guys. It's a great way to learn from awesome faculty, building your relationship with them (cough, rec letters!), and to get a chance to talk about lofty topics with your besties from the dorm. By taking a tutorial, you get course credit, and even distro credit! Most people take it as a fifth class, because it's that sort of class. If that makes sense. 

    Spring quarter, Poli Sci Professor Andrew Roberts is offering one on how journalism covers politics, and how knowledge of  political science could add to political media coverage (and guys, I dunno if you've heard, but interdisciplinary research is rull hot right now). You don't need to have a background in any of these things, just an interest! Assignments will be mostly short, could be something like interviewing a professor or critiquing a news article. There will also be some guest professors from Poli Sci and Medill. 

    Here are the deets:

    What: WCAS GEN LA 280-3, course 37276, section 22 (email me for an add code if you need it) 


    When: Tuesdays  6–8:30 pm, in ISRC seminar room (You don't even leave the building!)


    Why: Distro Credit: 3 - Social and Behaviorial Science

     

    Official blurb: 

    The aim of this class is to start a dialogue between political scientists and journalists in order to produce better coverage of politics. Though political science research is often dismissed as biased, detached, or worse, in fact the discipline has produced a large body of relatively well-confirmed results about how politics works. The premise of this course is that coverage of politics could be improved if journalists were (i) familiar with this research and (ii) used political scientists as sources in covering politics. This course will explore ways to better cover politics through knowledge of political science.



    Best,

    Cheryl Berriman
    PhD Candidate
    Slavic Languages and Literatures
    Assistant Master, ISRC
    Northwestern University

