Asunto: XRC Trip to Wrigley Field, Cubs v. Rockies
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 5/6/2013 8:28 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello ISRCers!


    We've got some seriously great XRC trips this quarter, and we're continuing the theme of must-go Chicago trips with another of tickets! This time, we'll be heading to Wrigley Field for a Cubs game on NU Night. 

    The Event:
     

    ONE:  Cubs vs. Rockies at Wrigley Field on Wednesday, May 15, 5:30-10:30pm

    Subsidized price: $15, travel via CTA.


    Our group will join Northwestern Alumni Association’s NU night at Wrigley enjoying some good American fun. Cubs games are one of those things you have to do as a Chicagoan, but tickets can be expensive, and, I at least, never get around to it. Wrigley Field is pretty cool, and the games are a lot of fun. That's why my old ball and chain, Shahab, and I are coming with you guys. But let's be honest, I'm going for the nachos. 

     

    If you are interested in going on this trip, here is what you should do!

        Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy 
        Email me by this Tuesday (the 7th) at if you want to go on the trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
        Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Friday, May 10th (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
        If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
        Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


    The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

    You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

    I hope you all take this opportunity at least once per quarter! 
    I look forward to hearing from you, and have a great weekend!


    Best,

    Cheryl 
    Your Illustrious Assistant Master

    P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 


Adjuntos:
XRC Ticket Policy 2012-13.pdf	22.4 KB