Asunto: Fwd: Join Associated Student Government!
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 9/29/2013 6:44 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>



Hi everyone!

Check out this email for info about representing ISRC in Associated Student Government!

ISRC-Love,

Nathan
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Wildcats!

Are you interested in gaining leadership experience? Advocating for fellow Wildcats? Giving back to build a better campus community? 

Join Northwestern's Associated Student Government (ASG)! 

Whether you're a freshman eager to learn the inner workings of Northwestern or a senior hoping to change that one thing on campus you've always wanted to fix, the opportunities within ASG to give back are endless. 

Currently, there are open seats in the Senate along with available spots on several committees! Here's a brief description of each:

Senate:
The Senate serves as the voice for the student body by engaging and representing different student interests. The Senate analyzes problems and mandates action by the ASG Committees. This Fall, Senators will be elected to represent all residential districts and off-campus students.

Academic Committee:
The Academic Committee undertakes projects to enhance the undergraduate academic experience. Members work closely with student leaders and administrators to directly affect policies, programs, and services. 

Community Relations Committee:
The Community Relations Committee fosters relationships between Northwestern and external communities by providing off-campus information and resources, and also promoting civic engagement and local services. Members work with student leaders and local officials to foster relationships and plan community events. 

Public Relations Committee:
The PR Committee connects students to ASG by communicating resources, services, and events available on campus. The committee is looking for students with experience in graphic design, photography, and videography. 

Student Groups Committee:
The Student Groups Committee is composed of Group Executives, who each work with several B- and T-Status student groups on campus. GEs help groups plan events, manage their budgets, and receive ASG funding.

Student Life Committee:
The Student Life Committee seeks to improve the Northwestern student experience by researching and executing projects and initiatives relating to residential living, recreation, amenities, and other student services. 

Sustainability Committee:
The Sustainability Committee seeks to ingrain environmental sustainability as a fundamental precept of Northwestern culture. The committee works closely with the Office of Sustainability, Facilities Management, Sodexo, and the many environmental student groups on campus to develop tangible, impactful projects. 

To read full descriptions of the Senate and the ASG Committees, please click here. You can also attend our second information session this Wednesday, October 2nd, from 7-8 in the Northwestern Room in Norris. If you can't make the info session, see here for our Recruitment Guide.

Definitely interested in joining ASG? Applications to run for Senator can be found here. Applications to join a committee can be found here. Applications are due Thursday, October 3rd! 


Go 'Cats!

Ani Ajith & Alex Van Atta
ASG President & Executive Vice President

Northwestern Associated Student Government (ASG) | asg@u.northwestern.edu
-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University, Class of 2015
 

