Asunto: Re: [Taekwondo] Belt Test Information and Application
De: Allan Dong <allandong2010@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 6/5/2013 1:21 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi everyone,
 
Alex beat me to it, was about to send out an email as well.  A few things that you will want to bring to the test:
 
Your uniform and belt!  Yes this is required.
 
Your test form and fee.  If you don’t have a test form, there should be some extras at the test.  A clarification, if you are paying your test fee by check DO NOT make it out to Northwestern University.  You’ll be paying the school directly, so please make checks out to “Tiger Martial Arts”.
 
If you are a purple belt or higher, full sparring gear if you have it.  You will be doing contact sparring as a part of your test.  Those below purple belt will be doing non-contact sparring.
 
Your voice.  Because people are just not loud enough during testing in general.
 
Your confidence.
 
Good luck!  And have fun!
 
Allan
 
Sent from Windows Mail
 
From: Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@u.northwestern.edu>
Sent: June 5, 2013 3:02 PM
To: WTFTKD@listserv.it.northwestern.edu
Subject: Re: [Taekwondo] Belt Test Information and Application
 
Just a few words of wisdom prior to the belt test.

So remember folks, we are a TKD club, not exactly a formal TKD school.  So as a result we are a bit more relaxed when it comes to the formalities.  However, during the belt test its very important that we remember our formalities.

So when Master Baek calls out your name for testing, you are to say "Yes Sir" (loudly) and rush up to the mats.  

Make sure you are on time, and wearing a clean uniform.

And when you do your forms, make sure each motion is strong and with power.  Its not enough just to know all the moves, you need to do them well.  We don't practice that enough, but its important for you to do that during the test.

When breaking, make sure that you set yourself up, practice the break a few times, and Ki-Yap loudly as you strike.

Thats all for now, you will all do fine, just remember your training, and be confident.  See you there :)

-Alex


On Mon, Jun 3, 2013 at 11:44 PM, Ji-Hoon Kim <jihoonkim2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hey everyone,

    The forms for the belt test are attached to this email. Ignore the Application Due Date section. That does not apply to us. Turn in this form with the testing fee during the belt test.

    The test is Wednesday in Blomquist at 8:45 PM. Make sure to come at least 15 minutes earlier to stretch and warm up.

    Good luck to all testers! Sorry I couldn't be there for the last practice, but I guess that's what happens when I don't set my alarm before a nap. :P

    Ji-hoon




-- 
Alex Peroff
