Asunto: Suite Decoration Winners!
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/18/2013 8:54 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello Bestest Fairchildren,

First, well done on the suite transformations (except the few of you who left your suites sad and barren because you hate all things beautiful. Tsk. Tsk. You can still remedy that, though.). We were super impressed with the creativity this year--from the painter's tape Grecian flag, to the tasty bribes, er, snacks, to the Chinese watercolor mural, to the zen Japanese music, to the awesome Polish history timeline--you guys definitely know how to keep it interesting, and it made our job as difficult as ever (Master staff is no joke, guys). 

The competition is also about suite bonding, and it was great to hear how many of the suites worked together to create a more livable space, so I hope you guys spend lots of time there. The Master Staff and your Resident Director were so impressed with all the creativity and teamwork, we had to up the prizes for a second year in a row. 

And the winners are…

Honorable Mentions -- $15 extra Munchies Dollars

These two suites were creative, had great presentations, and lots of fun little details. Well done, guys! 

Bangladesh! 

Nepal!


Second Place -- $50 extra Munchies Dollars

Lebanon! 

The coziest of all the suites! Ambient lighting! 


First Place -- $50 extra Munchies Dollars and a Mexican feast with the Master Staff!

Mexico!

The suite that has it all--educational, beautiful, delicious, and showed serious teamwork. Well done! We'll be in touch about our fiesta :) 

--------------

If you haven't walked through the suites to see the transformations, be sure to do so!

And if you had fun with suite decorations, keep your eyes out for more opportunities to make ISRC beautiful: look for  information on painting a mural in the basement and decorating the ISRC section of Hinman! 

Best, 

Alec, Erin, Cheryl and Danielle

Master Staff and Resident Director
