Asunto: Consumer Information Disclosure
De: "undergradaid@u.northwestern.edu" <undergradaid@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/25/2013 9:59 PM
Para: Ethan Christopher Robison <EthanRobison2016@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Reply-to: 
Disclosure of appropriate consumer information has always been a priority at Northwestern University. The following list of references is being provided to you as a student in accordance with federal consumer information reporting requirements. To obtain further information or a paper copy of the information presented on a particular topic, please contact the appropriate University office directly. Specific contact information can be found on the individual websites where the information is published.

General and financial aid consumer information can be found at http://www.northwestern.edu/sfs/financial_aid/consumer.html. This includes information on:

. the costs of attending the University (tuition and fees, books and supplies, room and board, and applicable transportation costs, such as commuting) and any additional costs of the program in which a student is enrolled

. how students apply for aid and how eligibility is determined

. need-based and non need-based federal financial aid program descriptions

. need-based and non need-based state and local aid programs, school aid programs, and other private aid programs

. the terms and conditions of any employment that is part of the financial aid package

. information regarding the availability of FSA program funds for study abroad programs, and that a student may be eligible to receive these funds if attending a study abroad program that is approved for credit by the University

. the rights and responsibilities of students receiving aid

. how the University distributes aid among students

. how and when financial aid will be disbursed

. the criteria for measuring satisfactory academic progress, and how a student who has failed to maintain satisfactory progress may reestablish eligibility for federal financial aid

. the requirements for the return of FSA program funds when a student withdraws from school, information about any refund policy with which the University must comply, and the requirements for officially withdrawing from the University

. the terms of, the schedules for, and the necessity of loan repayment and required loan exit counseling

. the terms and conditions under which students receiving federal education loans may obtain deferments

. contacts for information on student financial assistance

. the degree programs, training, and other education offered by the University

. the names of associations, agencies, and/or governmental bodies that accredit, approve, or license the University and its programs, and the procedures by which a student may receive a copy for review of the University's accreditation, licensure, or approval

. instructional, laboratory, and other University physical plant facilities associated with academic programs

. a list of the University faculty and other instructional personnel

. special facilities and services available to disabled students

. information on preventing drug and alcohol abuse

. the University's annual campus security report

. contacts for information on general University issues

Information can also be found at the above websites relating to:

. Student Right-To-Know Act

- information on completion/graduation rates for the general student body

- information on completion/graduation rates for student athletes

. Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act (EADA)

. Jeanne Clery (Campus Security) Act

. Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)

