Asunto: Fwd: FW: Join CHF for Northwestern Day this Sunday! - Friendly Reminder
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/10/2013 5:56 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi all!

The Chicago Humanities Festival is hosting A LOT of events at Northwestern in the upcoming weeks. See the flier below for more details! There are some really interesting events, so please check them out!

ISRC-Love,

Nathan


 
From: CHF Update <update@chfestival.org>
Reply-To: "update@chfestival.org" <update@chfestival.org>
Date: Wednesday, October 9, 2013 12:30 PM
To: Nancy <n-anderson@northwestern.edu>
Subject: Join CHF for Northwestern Day this Sunday!

Chicago Humanities Festival
Browse Events
	
Become a Member
	
Contact Us
	
About Us
Oct. 9, 2013
Last Chance for Northwestern Day Tickets!
We're just FOUR days away from the kick-off to the Festival with the annual Morry and Dolores Kohl Kaplan Northwestern Day on Sunday, Oct. 13. Haven't bought tickets yet? There's still availability in the following programs:
Live Dancing Archive

Live Dancing Archive Screening

11 a.m.-2 p.m. | Block Museum

Free, No reservation required 

Choreographer Jennifer Monson's video installation, based on osprey migratory patterns, runs for 2 hours. Drop in anytime for any duration.
Delia Ephron

Delia Ephron: Sister Mother Husband Dog

2-3 p.m.  | Cahn Auditorium

Author and screenwriter Delia Ephron talks about her career and her newest book. 

  
Animals and Children First

Animals and Children First

Southwest Airlines Program

3:30-4:30 p.m. | Harris Hall

Northwestern's Susan Pearson talks about the origins of humane societies: to protect animals and children.
How We Do It

How We Do It

3:30-4:30 p.m. | McCormick Auditorium

Field Museum curator Robert Martin discusses human reproduction and child-rearing.
Julia Kristeva

On Julia Kristeva's Couch

Ellen Stone Belic Presents: In Her Infinite Wisdom

4-5 pm | Cahn Auditorium

One of France's most admired intellectuals, Julia Kristeva is a leading psychoanalytic thinker. She talks about her life and work. 
Reminder: Katherine Boo's program at Northwestern Day has been canceled. Please see the website for further information.
Your Guide to Evanston Eateries
Need recommendations for places to eat in between programs this Sunday? CHF's Program Fellow from Northwestern University, Gina Di Salvo, has the dish on the CHF Blog.
How Should Humans Treat Animals?
Image by Alissa Zhu
"Seeing the world through the eyes of the animals we care for is necessary to provide the best environments to suit their needs." 
--Steve Ross of Lincoln Park Zoo.
 
Read more of his reflections on how humans should treat animals. Get your tickets to see primatologist Frans de Waal discuss this topic with two UChicago legal scholars on Saturday, Nov. 2.
Discounted Tickets to Lookingglass Theatre for Friends of CHF

Lookingglass is pleased to offer $34 tickets to weekday performances of the world premiere adaptation of Marguerite Duras' novel THE NORTH CHINA LOVER, now playing through Nov. 10. A steamy affair in the seamy French Quarter of 1930s Southern Indochina between an impoverished schoolgirl and a wealthy 27-year-old Chinese aristocrat transports us on a provocative and haunting journey of awakening and sacrifice. Intended for mature audiences.

 

Call 312-337-0665 or buy online at lookingglasstheatre.org and use discount code "DURAS34." Valid for performances Tuesday-Friday, through Oct. 31. Subject to availability, not valid on previously purchased tickets.
Join our daily conversations about culture and ideas:

Like us on Facebook   Follow us on Twitter   View our videos on YouTube   Find us on Pinterest
	
   
Join Our Mailing List

Chicago Humanities Festival | (312) 661-1028 
update@chicagohumanities.org | chicagohumanities.org
500 N. Dearborn
Suite 825
Chicago, IL 60654
Forward this email
	
This email was sent to n-anderson@northwestern.edu by update@chfestival.org |  
Update Profile/Email Address| Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe™ | Privacy Policy.
Chicago Humanities Festival | 500 N. Dearborn | Suite 825 | Chicago | IL | 60654



-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University, Class of 2015
School of Communication: Performance Studies
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences: Biological Anthropology, Slavic Studies (minor)
International Studies Residential College, President
Theatre and Interpretation Center, Lab Theater Aide
Wildcat Welcome 2013, Peer Adviser
Spectrum Theatre Company, Special Events Director


