Asunto: XRC Trip to see Stones in His Pockets at Northlight Theater
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/7/2013 7:17 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>


        Hello ISRCers!

        I hope you guys are ready for some serious good times this quarter with the nice weather and XRC trips (because that's all you need, right?). The first event of the quarter takes you to the play, Stones in His Pockets at Northlight Theater. As always, a bus will pick you up outside ISRC and drop you back off. I only have 5 tickets, so email fast if you want one!

 

        The Event:
         

        Friday, April 12th -  Stones in his Pockets

        Subsidized price: FREE DOLLARS

        Estimated departure/return 7pm-10:30

         

        Check out this cool theater with a three quarter thrust (audience sits on three sides of the stage) to see this 2 man comedy (with a tragedy in the middle). The play is about a couple of small town Irishmen hope to hit it big when hired as extras for an epic American movie filming in their scenic County Kerry village. Just two actors portray a colorful cast of dozens in this rollicking tale that pits harsh reality against Hollywood endings. 

>         If you are interested in going on the trip, here is what you should do!

            Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
            Email me by this TUESDAY (the 8th AT 12PM) if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. If you want to go to the dinner, tell me your entree preference
            If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
            Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 

        The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

        I hope you all take this opportunity at least once per quarter! 
        I look forward to hearing from you, and have a great Sunday!

        Best,

        Cheryl 
        Your Illustrious Assistant Master

        P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 


 

