Asunto: Re: Spanish Courses and Minor Interest
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 3/1/2013 8:20 AM
Para: Chyi Chung <c-chung@northwestern.edu>

Hello Professor,

I have already taken the Spanish placement exam and was deemed eligible for Spanish 125. However, this course is not offered in the Spring quarter. I did not take the AP test in high school, but I did take the IB exam, and earned a mark of 6. If possible, I am more than willing to interview/write for a chance to enroll in a more advanced class.

Thanks again,
Ethan Robison

2013/2/28 Chyi Chung <c-chung@northwestern.edu>

    Hola Ethan,

     

    Thank you for your interest in taking Spanish classes. All students (unless you have earned a 3 or higher on AP Spanish) who would like to continue with their study of Spanish MUST take the online placement test before registering for courses.

     

    Take Spanish online placement test:

    http://placement-test.mmlc.northwestern.edu/

                 

    Access to Spanish placement results (click the fifth button 24 hours after completion of the test, we do not send emails to students):

    http://placement-test.mmlc.northwestern.edu/

     

    *If you score high enough on the online portion, you will earn “reassessment” on the placement exam.  The “REASSESSMENT” (oral interview and written composition) will be required to confirm your level of proficiency.  This follow-up exam will determine whether you qualify for Spanish 199-0 or 200-level Spanish courses.

     

    Please feel free to let me know if you have any further questions.

    Saludos,

     

    Chyi Chung

     

     

     

    Chyi Chung

    Distinguished Senior Lecturer

    Assistant Director of Spanish Language Program

    Spanish Online Placement Exams Coordinator

    Department of Spanish and Portuguese

    Chinese Instructor

    School of Continuing Studies

    Northwestern University

    Crowe Hall 1-159

    1860 Campus Drive, Evanston 60208-2161

    c-chung@northwestern.edu

     

    From: Ethan Christopher Robison
    Sent: Thursday, February 28, 2013 2:57 AM
    To: Chyi Chung
    Subject: Spanish Courses and Minor Interest

     

    Hello Professor Chung,

     

    My name is Ethan Robison, and I am a student in the McCormick school of engineering interested in pursuing a minor in Spanish language. However, due to scheduling conflicts, I have been yet unable to participate in any of the numerous courses that Weinberg offers in the language. Fortunately, I do have the opportunity of having some freedom in my schedule this upcoming quarter (Spring 2013). Unfortunately, the number and variety of Spanish courses offered at this time is greatly limited relative to those offered in the Fall quarter, or even the Winter quarter.

    I am emailing to ask you for any information that you might have concerning placement into courses that might require special permission. If I have made a mistake in contacting you, I apologize, and ask politely for your help in finding the correct member of faculty to assist me.

    I am interested in taking Spanish 201-0: Conversation on Human Rights: Latin America. I am under the impression that this class will be beneficial to my knowledge of the language, and that it is a prerequisite for many advanced courses.

     

    If there is any more information that I can provide for you, please feel free to let me know.

     

    Thanks,

    Ethan Robison


