Asunto: Welcome to Tae Kwon Do Club
De: Davin Kim <davinkim2015@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 9/24/2013 9:52 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi, guys,

First and foremost, I'd like to warmly welcome everyone to the Northwestern University Tae Kwon Do Club. I hope that you guys all enjoyed your first day of classes and are looking forward to greater things to come.

A little bit about us: we practice Tae Kwon Do, a martial art that originated in Korea and now practiced all over the world. We train hard, but we still know how to have fun together while we are at it.

Our first official practice, as many of you may know already, will be on September 30th (Monday) at Blomquist. The practice will start at 8:00 P.M. and run to about 10:00 P.M., but try to come out a little earlier to meet some of the officers and other members. Before you guys do come out to the first practice, I need you all to fill out the Waiver and Consent Form, for which a link has been provided below. It is very important that you guys fill this form out BEFORE coming to the first practice. For those who already have Tae Kwon Do uniforms, bring them. For those who don't, come to practice in comfortable gym clothes as we will be moving around a lot and partaking in activities that require some flexibility.

Our scheduled practice times are 8:00 P.M. - 10:00 P.M. on Mondays and Wednesdays and 12:00 P.M. - 2:00 P.M. on Saturdays, all at Blomquist. Usually on Mondays and Wednesdays, a senior member of our club will lead the warm-ups, stretches, and drills until our master, Master Kallo, comes to lead a full-on class. Saturday practices will be completely student-run and will be reserved for students to focus on particular aspects of the art. For this upcoming first week of practice, Master Kallo will unfortunately be unavailable, so all the practices will be student-run for the week.

That will be all for now. I will send out an email to remind you guys about the Waiver and Consent Form later in the week, and more information will be sent out as the year progresses. If you guys have any questions or concerns, don't hesitate to email either me or Natalie (the other president, email listed below). I look forward to seeing all of you at practice and hope you guys have a wonderful week.

Sincerely,
Davin Kim

Waiver and Consent Form: The form can be found at www.nuim.net/clubsports/index.php at the bottom of the page. Make sure to fill one out for Tae Kwon Do-WTF

Natalie's Email: JeongKim2016@u.northwestern.edu
