Asunto: End of the Week Info from Boss Mike
De: Christina Spaeth <christinaspaeth2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/18/2013 12:42 PM
Para: "ntssupervisors@gmail.com" <ntssupervisors@gmail.com>

Hey guys!  I apologize in advance for the long email, but there's a lot of little things Boss Mike wants you to know about and tasks for us to do. Please read it all; one of my favorite gifs ever is posted at the end!

1. I made a Google Doc for training dates.  We need a minimum of 2 Supers per date.  Please sign up asap!  Also, here is the Google Doc for last year's training sessions.  Please adjust as you see fit.  This must be ready by next Saturday.  And, as soon as we have the training dates all assigned, we should send the Google Doc out right away to the rest of NTS (Alex will take care of this part).

2. Yesterday we received an email to deliver to all the freshmen in NTS.  Alex, since you're the email guy, could you do that?

3. Good job on using ShiftPlanning for trades.  Ethan, I thought you were only working till 2 on Saturdays now?  Did we not update the ShiftPlanning schedule?

4. Boss Mike wants to use the bulletin board in the back of the lab and put an NTS tip of the week (like if a cord won't coil, leave it out in the sun) and put our pictures on it as characters (like the Simpsons) like House Staff does.  You don't have to do anything with that just yet, but keep it in mind.

5. I uploaded all the training documents onto ShiftPlanning so every NTS-er has access to them (sorry, Tim, I know it's your job but that was my office hours assignment).  Let me know if anything doesn't work.  Also we should all be Tier One trained by Wednesday's meeting.  I know it's midterm season but it doesn't take very long and it sets an example for the rest of NTS.

    Here are the new tier levels Boss Mike and I decided:
          Tier 1: Basic Tech, Smart Room, Conference Phone
          Tier 2: McCormick, Louis
          Tier 3: Eon, Mackie speakers, HK
          Tier 4: Mackie mixer, Small PA

6. I believe in the supers meeting we discussed more subjects to write training pamphlets on.  I know one was a "randomly asked questions" for things in McCormick, Louis, etc.  And I think another was Large PA, maybe?  Phoebe has the templates for pamphlets but does anyone (esp if you've already written a guide) want to volunteer?  If we can even have a rough sketch by next supers' meeting, that'd be great.


Sorry for the long email!  There was just a lot of info to get out.  As promised here's my favorite gif.

Have a good weekend!
-- 
Christina Spaeth
School of Communication | Northwestern University
B.S. in Communication Sciences and Disorders
