Asunto: Reading and Crafts with little kids!
De: Ayla Goktan <aylagoktan2012@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 5/19/2013 6:21 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi Ayla,

Hello ISRC,
 
The quarter is coming to an end (thank goodness!) but if you would like to squeeze some fun volunteering in before the summer begins, I have two opportunities for you!  One is Book Buddies (reading to little kids at the Evanston Public Library) and the other is Explore! (doing crafts with little kids at the Howard Area Family Center in Chicago).  Both opportunities are offered every Friday afternoon through the NU group Jump Start, and more details are at the bottom of this email.  Unfortunately, Jump Start isn't letting me take any big groups, but if you want to sign up individually for either event (or in pairs for Explore!), just contact the volunteer coordinator, Timi, at jumpstartnu@gmail.com. Be sure to CC me (or email me separately) so I know about dorm participation in volunteer/phlianthropy activities.  Thanks, guys! :)
 
~Ayla

Explore! at Howard Area Family Center
Meet at the Center for Civic Engagement (1813 Hinman Ave.)
Weekly (Fridays)
3:00pm - 6:00pm (including travel time)
Number of volunteers needed: 2
Join us at one of our local preschools from 3:00pm-6:00pm to make crafts with children! You'll meet at the Center for Civic Engagement and travel together (CTA cards provided!) with Jumpstart Corps Member Kerry Brown to the preschool. You will explore different materials with the children, interacting with and encouraging them. Email (jumpstartnu@gmail.com) to volunteer for Explore! this week.

Book Buddies at the Evanston Public Library
1703 Orrington Ave, Evanston, IL
Weekly (Fridays)
3:30pm - 5:00pm
Join us at the Evanston Public Library children's area at 3:30pm to read to kids for an afternoon! You'll receive a brief orientation about reading strategies with young children. Then there will be group story time and after that you'll get to read in small groups with your book buddies! The afternoon will end with an activity that relates to the theme of the week. Email me (jumpstartnu@gmail.com) to reserve your spot!



