Asunto: College Expectations Survey
De: m-destin@u.northwestern.edu
Fecha: 3/14/2013 6:11 AM
Para: college-expectations-survey-follow-up.me@u.northwestern.edu

If you have trouble viewing or submitting this form, you can fill it out online:
https://docs.google.com/a/u.northwestern.edu/spreadsheet/viewform?fromEmail=true&formkey=dGNHUlJrMXdXU0wxeFU5SXVCWkxqVVE6MA

College Expectations Survey

THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE!! Take a quick study break to complete this short survey below and be entered to win one of our $100 VISA GIFT CARDS. We'll pull our winners during finals week so that you can take your gift card winnings with you on SPRING BREAK! Thanks, again, to all of you who have already completed this follow-up survey. We appreciate your help very much. --- Dear student, Some time during last summer, you completed a short survey (less than 15 minutes) about your expectations for college. Now, we are asking you to participate in a very similar, short follow-up study that will help us immensely with our project. We are studying what factors contribute to student success in college, especially regarding persistence in fields related to science and mathematics. Also, as a token of gratitude for your participation, we will be giving away four $100 Visa gift cards! Just complete the few questions below, submit your answers, and you will be entered to win. We thank you very much for helping us with this important project! Dr. Mesmin Destin Assistant Professor Northwestern University
Your u.northwestern.edu username will be recorded when you submit this form.

College Expectations Survey

Please describe in 2-3 sentences the type of person that you would like to be during college.

Please describe what led you to your interest in your declared or expected first major.

Did you participate in any of the following Northwestern summer programs?

    Excel
    BioExcel
    Summer Academic Workshop (SAW)
    Math Bridge
    Other: 


Rate your experience in the summer program.

    Very Unsatisfying
    Somewhat Unsatisfying
    Neutral
    Somewhat Satisfying
    Very Satisfying
    N/A


How much do you agree with the following statements?
		Strongly Disagree 	Somewhat Disagree 	Neutral 	Somewhat Agree 	Strongly Agree 	
You have a certain amount of ability in math and science, and you can’t really do much to change it 							
Your ability in math and science is something about you that you can’t change very much. 							
No matter who you are, you can significantly change your ability level in math and science. 							
To be honest, you can’t really change how strong you are in math and science. 							
You can always substantially change your ability in math and science. 							
You can learn now things, but you can’t really change your basic ability in math and science. 							
No matter how much math and science ability you have, you can always change it quite a bit. 							
You can change even your basic math and science ability level considerably. 							
I belong in my chosen/expected major and academic department. 							
I feel comfortable in my chosen/expected major and academic department. 							
I expect that I will succeed in my chosen major. 							
I expect that I will be successful in my ideal career path. 							

What starting annual salary do you think that you will earn in your first job if you stay with your currently expected major?

    Less than $40,000
    $40,000 - $59,000
    $60,000 - $79,000
    $80,000 - $99,000
    $100,000 and up


How much do you agree with the following statements?
		Strongly Disagree 	Somewhat Disagree 	Neutral 	Somewhat Agree 	Strongly Agree 	
Math and/or science are important parts of who I am. 							
In most ways my life is close to my ideal. 							
The conditions of my life are excellent. 							
So far I have gotten the important things I want in life. 							

What is your current or expected major?

How likely is it that you will change your major at some point?

    Very Unlikely
    Somewhat Unlikely
    Neutral
    Somewhat Likely
    Very Likely


What was your fall Grade Point Average?

How satisfied were you with your fall GPA?

    Very Unsatisfied
    Somewhat Unsatisfied
    Neutral
    Somewhat Satisfied
    Very Satisfied


Do you expect MEN or WOMEN to SCORE HIGHER on the following standardized tests? For the following questions, keep in mind the following definitions of different intelligences. Mathematical intelligence: the ability to solve problems using mathematical tools such as numbers, equations, and graphs. Spatial intelligence: the ability to process information about 2-D and 3-D space such as forming and manipulating well-structured mental images. Verbal intelligence: the ability to use and understand language.
		MEN score much higher 	MEN score somewhat higher 	Men and women score equally 	WOMEN score somewhat higher 	WOMEN score much higher 	
GENERAL intelligence tests 							
MATHEMATICAL intelligence tests 							
SPATIAL intelligence tests 							
VERBAL intelligence tests 							

Do you expect WHITE STUDENTS or BLACK & LATINO STUDENTS to SCORE HIGHER on the following standardized tests?
		WHITE STUDENTS score much higher 	WHITE STUDENTS score somewhat higher 	White students and Black/Latino students score equally 	BLACK/LATINO STUDENTS score somewhat higher 	BLACK/LATINO STUDENTS score much higher 	
GENERAL intelligence tests 							
MATHEMATICAL intelligence tests 							
SPATIAL intelligence tests 							
VERBAL intelligence tests 							

If you are interested in being contacted in the future about an opportunity to participate in a paid study regarding similar topics, please check the box below:

    Yes, I am interested


Send me a copy of my responses.
Never submit passwords through Google Forms.
Powered by Google Docs Report Abuse - Terms of Service - Additional Terms

