Asunto: A BLACK-LIGHT FILLED ADVENTURE. The Glo Run Chicago.
De: Halimah Jones <halimahjones2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/27/2014 8:52 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

The Glo run is happening this Saturday. And ISRC wants to take you on a black-light filled adventure. 

The plan is to go into Chicago before the event, eat some delicious food, do the run (mostly walking for selfies), go to the not-sponsored-but-kinda-sponsored afterparty at Bar Louie's which isn't really an afterparty since we'll just be eating more food, then come back into Evanston. 

We will probably be gone from 5 pm-10pm on Saturday. 

Let's be real. You wouldn't be doing homework during that time anyways.
 
You will be reimbursed around $20, aka half the cost, depending on how many people register. Cold hard cash in your hand.

When you register you'll also get an awesome t-shirt and glow in the dark items when you arrive which is cool. I personally love fluorescent things.

fluorescent fun.


SO. You've decided to sign up and be a cool 'cat. 
Here are the instructions.


Instructions:
 1. Go to this website through this link:
                       CLICK ME
click on the button that says "Tap Here to Register"

Make sure to copy the code to get the discount.
Discount: 15GloChi-Extend Just write it down on your hand.

Fill out the basic information such as name and address. 
MAKE SURE TO SELECT A TEAM TO JOIN. 
Our team name is "Globe Trotters"
WE HAVE A PASSWORD: it is "ISRC" all caps.
Enter your shirt size.

Answer the weirdly specific questions

You can choose to donate to a charity for $1, $5, or "other". If you don't want to donate, click Continue.

You can also get upgraded swag from the event at a cost. 

On the payment Page, Make sure you put in the discount code that is above. It's 15GloChi-Extend. This should lower the final cost to $46.11. only if you register by the 1st of May. AKA do it now.

There should be a confirmation page. PRINT THIS OUT. Especially the part with the transaction information so you can get $$$ from SOFO. 

It should look something like this. 
EXAMPLE


AND YOU'RE DONE.
congrats. I'll see you under the black lights.

Hali out.

