Asunto: Re: XRC Trip: The Dining Room at Kendall College
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/29/2014 7:51 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

All spots full!

Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC 
Northwestern University


On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 9:12 PM, Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:


    Hello ISRCers!

    We've got some seriously great XRC trips this quarter, and another set of tickets! This time, we'll be setting out to The Dining Room at Kendall College, a culinary arts school, for some fancy dining! I only have FOUR student tickets, so be quick (and tell me your course choices in the email)!


    The Event:
     

    The Dining Room at Kendall College, on Friday, May 9th from 5:05 to 8:30 PM -- Subsidized price:  $15

     

    Experience contemporary and exquisite dining on the Kendall College campus with extraordinary views of the city skyline. Culinary Arts students prepare and serve lunch and dinner five days a week. They also work behind a glass wall, so you can watch them cook!  It's so tasty, they're recommended in The MICHELIN Guide Chicago Restaurants 2013. They've also been recognized and highly rated by Zagat Survey 201 and received numerous accolades by respected Chicago food critics from the Sun Times and Check Please! The Dining Room at Kendall College is also committed to sustainability. Kendall is the first culinary school in the U.S. to receive Certified Green Restaurant status from the Green Restaurant Association, and the menu is seasonal, taking advantage of their very own herb and vegetable garden as well as fresh ingredients from the nearby Green City Market.  See the menu, and choose a first and second course before RSVPing.


    Menu for Kendall College Dinner: 


        First Course (Choose and tell me in email)


        Beet Salad, Arugula, Goat Cheese, Candied Hazelnuts, Champagne Vinaigrette

                                                                                        -Or-

        English Pea Potage, Chevre Fritter, Meyer Lemon Puree, Crispy Prosciutto

         

        Second Course (Choose one and tell me in email)

        Beef, Fingerling Potatoes, Oxtail Marmalade, Poached Farm Egg, Foie Gras Hollandaise

                                                                                        -Or-

        Snapper, Beluga Lentils, Fennel, Citrus, Mussels, Saffron Foam

                                                                                        -Or-

        Agnolotti, Asparagus, Morel Mushrooms, Goat Cheese-Tarragon Cream, Black Truffle

         

        Desserts (served family style)

        shared plates will be provided to be tasted by the table attendees.


        Rhubarb & Honey

        Rhubarb consommé, Homemade ricotta honey ice cream, Rhubarb sorbet, Frozen milk bubble, Rhubarb confit

         

        Black Sesame & Yuzu

        Black sesame steam cake, White chocolate ganache, Mandarin Yuzu spheres, Mandarin yuzu sherbet, Black sesame croustillant

         

        Carrot & Pineapple

        Japanese soft cheesecake, Carrot cake, Arugula cake, Grilled pineapple, Pineapple carrot sorbet, Arugula carrot salad, Shaved walnuts


    If you are interested in going on this trips, here is what you should do!

        Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy 
        Email me by this Friday (the 2nd) if you want to go on the trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. If you want to go to the dinner, tell me your entree preference for first and second course!
        Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Friday, May 2nd (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
        If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
        Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


    The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

    You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 


    Best,

    Cheryl 
    Your Illustrious Assistant Master

    P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 



