Asunto: XRC Trip: Chicago Shakespeare Theater's "Merry Wives of Windsor"
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/9/2014 5:03 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

    Hello, Favorite Fairchildren!

    Here is another XRC trip opportunity! I only have a few tickets for this one, but if you haven't been to the really awesome Shakespeare theatre, downtown on Navy Pier, this is a great chance to see a Chicago landmark. Their shows are always spot on, modern interpretations of Shakespeare classics. Plus, this show is totally sold out!

 

    We only have a few spots, so email fast! I will also create a waitlist of 5 people on a first come, first served basis. Please only reserve a ticket if you can 1) pay me by Wednesday, January 15th and 2) commit to being at the bus (outside ISRC) at 5:55pm and not return to campus till 10:30 pm.  

 

Merry Wives of Windsor, Chicago Shakespeare – a comedy, directed by Barbara Gaines, Friday, January  17  (5:55 – 10:30 pm) - $10


Falstaff is back! Embraced by audiences as one of Shakespeare’s most delightful comedies—and often called the first “situation comedy”—this high-spirited romp centers on the lovable rogue Sir John Falstaff, a character Shakespeare first created in Henry IV. Now we find Sir John hard up for money, seeking to repair his depleted fortunes by wooing the two most prominent women in town. But his plans go awry with disastrous consequences, as the wooed Windsor wives see through Falstaff’s schemes, and dupe him repeatedly. The musicality of Shakespeare’s language will be underscored with 1930s melodies—evoking a yearning for the simple, country life.


If you are interested in going on the trip, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
    Email me if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Wednesday, January 15th (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
    If you have *any questions, my email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

C

Adjuntos:
XRC Ticket Policy 2013-14 (1).pdf	55.0 KB