Asunto: Re: Norris Job Offer: Tech Services
De: Ahren Alexander <ahrenalexander2012@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/2/2014 9:52 PM
Para: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
CC: "michael.mckean" <michael.mckean@northwestern.edu>, Jennifer Leigh Stripe <jennifer-king@northwestern.edu>

Hi all,

This is great news -- thanks so much for the opportunity!  I do want to address my concern with the  "two working days" deadline.  As I mentioned to Ethan during our interview, I have another interview for the satellite performance venue attendant position tomorrow evening.  If it's okay, I would like to chat with them about the position so I can make a more informed decision about how I want to spend my work study experience.  I don't know whether they will get back to me with a job offer (or not) before the two working days deadline is reached; however, you can count on a final decision (and the necessary paperwork) from me by Friday this week.

Let me know if this is a reasonable plan -- thanks!

- Ahren 

On Sat, Nov 1, 2014 at 2:24 PM, Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Dear Ahren,

    We are pleased to offer you a position at Norris as a Technical Services Assistant. We hope you can join our team!

    To accept this offer, please reply to this email, complete all relevant paperwork and have the paperwork signed by the full-time area supervisor, Michael McKean. Please turn these forms in to the Norris Student Employment Coordinator on the 3rd floor of Norris during business hours WITHIN 2 WORKING DAYS.

    If you would like to accept this position but are not able to stop by within 2 days, please respond to this email and let us know. If you choose not to accept this position, please let us know that as well.

    The necessary paperwork is available in the 3rd floor Administration office, or can be downloaded here under “New Employees”:


    http://www.norris.northwestern.edu/jobs/paperwork/


    Please note that if you have held another position at Northwestern in the past, you only need to complete the Norris Employment Record, Personal Data Form and the Work-Study Authorization. You may also have to re-complete an I-9.

    To comply with government regulations, the I-9 process MUST be complete prior to being hired. You must follow these steps:

    1) Ensure you have ORIGINAL proof of identity documents as described here:

    http://www.northwestern.edu/hr/managers-administrators/onboarding-procedures/E-verify/i9documents.pdf
    . 

    You must have either one document from List A, or one each from Lists B & C. Faxes, copies, or emails cannot be accepted; if you do not have original documents, you must have them mailed to you or obtain new ones.

    2) Complete the electronic I-9 as instructed in the New Employee Packet.

    3) Bring your original documents to the Student Employment Coordinator on the 3rd floor of Norris. Documents will be returned to you immediately upon validation.

    4) If you have questions or concerns about any documentation, please contact norrisjobs@u.northwestern.edu prior to stopping by.


    Sincerely,

    -- 

    Ethan Robison
    McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science | Northwestern University
    B.S. in Computer Science




-- 
Ahren Alexander
317-910-9124

Northwestern University Class of 2016
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
Electrical Engineering; Music Technology, Sound Design
