Asunto: Audition for NUCJP!
De: Bradley Allen <bradleyallen2016@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 1/24/2014 11:53 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey all!

 

Did you play in jazz band in high school and miss it now? Are you a classical trumpet player, rock guitarist, or vocalist looking to branch out musically?  Are you a bassist sick of playing roots? Do you want to meet other musically inclined people from all over campus?

 

If you answered yes to any of these questions, or even if you didn’t, but want to play jazz anyway, then come audition for NUCJP! Run through Phi Mu Alpha, the music fraternity on campus, we’re a student-run jazz program specifically for non-major students. We typically have two big bands and several smaller combos depending on student interest.

 

We have a place for everyone who tries out! You don’t have to worry about rejection due to skill level; enthusiasm for jazz and music in general and commitment towards the ensemble is enough. Bands and combos generally meet once weekly for about 90 minutes on either Saturday or Sunday- it’s a low-stress and fun commitment. NUCJP generally hosts a swing dance night in Norris and performs at PMA’s Memorial Day barbecue. Both of these performances generally take place in late May, so there’s plenty of time to get the music together.

 

Audition materials can be accessed at http://iotasinfonia.org/nucjp/auditions. If you play an unlisted instrument and are interested in trying out then notify us of your interest and we’ll get you materials. Auditions are currently scheduled for Feb 1st and Feb 2nd at the Phi Mu Alpha House (located at 626 Emerson Street, just west of Kahn Auditorium and right across the street from Searle) and will take no longer than 15 minutes. A signup email will go around at a later date. If you already know that neither of these dates will work, contact us at nucommunityjazz@gmail.com and we'll work out a different time.

 

We hope to see you at auditions!

 

-Brad Allen, NUCJP Director

-Katherine Hedlund, NUCJP Director

-Sam Patti, NUCJP Coordinator

-Scott Olsen, NUCJP
