Asunto: ACTION REQUIRED: Awards for the Norris Student Staff Recognition Banquet May 27th
De: Jasper Pierson <jasperpierson2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 4/25/2014 12:38 PM
Para: <NORRIS-STAFF@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello Team! 

As we are wrapping up another year at Norris, it is time to congratulate and recognize those student staff who have gone above and beyond this academic year. As in previous years, awards will be handed out at our Norris Student Staff Recognition Banquet on May 27th. More details about this banquet and an official invitation are to follow this email. 

This particular email will address all you need to know about student employee awards. It is a little lengthy, but please read all of the information so you don't miss out on opportunities to recognize your awesome student staff. 

Each area has a specific number of awards that they can give out according to the size of the department. Departments that are larger will give out more awards than areas that employ a smaller number of student employees. 

Each area must give out a Department Employee of the Year award. 
The remaining number of awards can be split between the following categories in any way you would like: 
Outstanding Service (Employees who have gone above and beyond for Norris community members)
Emerging Leader (For freshman or sophomore students who have shown promise and leadership skills)
Staff Community Builder Award (Students who foster collaboration and community in their department and across departments)
Special Recognition (Award for students that display outstanding characteristics that do not fall under the previous categories) 

The breakdown of number of awards by area are as follows:

Admin- 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
ARTica - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
Dittmar - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
Norris Outdoors - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
Gameroom - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year 
Box Office - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
Cashier's Office - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
Facilities - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
Marketing - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
Satellites - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
SOFO - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
Bookstore - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
Sodexo - 3 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year
House Staff - 6 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year 

    House Staff - 4 awards
    Op Sups - 1 award
    CMs  - 1 award

Tech - 5 awards total, one must be Department Employee of the Year

    Sups - 2 awards
    Tech - 3 awards

Each department MUST give out at least one award, which will be Department Employee of the Year. However, they do not have to use the rest of the awards they are allotted if they do not want to. All of these awards must be added to the google spreadsheet by Friday, May 9th at NOON. 
https://docs.google.com/a/u.northwestern.edu/spreadsheets/d/1kxTJnA6ODlsIQH6_8q1zku8JbvALHuF827YXkmEcYdU/edit

All awards will be presented by Professional Staff on May 27th, please no student presenters. 

Additionally, there will be an overall Norris Employee of the Year award, the highest honor given at this recognition banquet! Please email me (jasperpierson2014@u.northwestern.edu) if you would like to nominate a student employee from your area.

In your nomination please include a story, examples, or your overall reasoning as to why this student deserves this award. The criteria for this award includes full embodiment of the Norris Mission, excellent service to Norris community members, and a commitment to the Norris work environment.

Nominations for Norris Employee of the Year are open until Tuesday, May 6th. We will let your area know if your student employee has won this award by Wednesday, May 7th so you can adjust the rest of your awards accordingly for the Friday, May 9th deadline. 

Please let me know if you have any questions or comments about the Recognition banquet awards. I, along with my fellow members of the Student Employee Committee are excited for this event, and hope that you are as well. 

RECAP: 
Norris Employee of the Year Award nominations due by May 6th at Noon

    Emailed to jasperpierson2014@u.northwestern.edu

All other awards for your area due by May 9th

    Fill out google spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/a/u.northwestern.edu/spreadsheets/d/1kxTJnA6ODlsIQH6_8q1zku8JbvALHuF827YXkmEcYdU/edit


Many thanks,  

Jasper F. Pierson

Northwestern University
Master's Candidate 2014
Higher Education Administration and Policy 
School of Education and Social Policy

C: 217.419.2536
email: jasperpierson@u.northwestern.edu
