Asunto: You're invited to the Mobile MeetUp "Creating and Using Northwestern's Course Data API" - October 15
De: Georgiy Mazin <gmazin@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/13/2014 2:33 PM
Para: undergrad-students <undergrad-students@eecs.northwestern.edu>



	NUIT Northwestern University Information Technology 	Northwestern University 	

	
	
You're invited to the Mobile MeetUp
"Creating and Using Northwestern's Course Data API"

This fall, Northwestern released its Course Data Application Programming Interface (API). This API allows access to up-to-date University course data and new metadata such as instructor bios, geolocation data for classrooms, and more. Students and campus software developers can use the Northwestern Course Data API web services to create native mobile apps and web applications that query and filter Northwestern course data in new ways.

In this Mobile MeetUp, representatives from the Office of the Registrar, Associated Student Government (ASG), and NUIT will discuss how they worked together for more than a year to design and build the Northwestern Course Data API to make creating mobile applications easier for everyone!

Student developers, faculty, and staff are encouraged to attend.

About the Presenters

Jaci Casazza, University Registrar, and Ann Dronen, Director of Student Enterprise Systems, will explain how several campus groups identified a need for the Northwestern Course Data API and how they all worked together to devise and deliver it.

Christina Kim (McCormick 2016), ASG Academic Vice President for Services, Sofia Sami (Weinberg 2014), past ASG Academic Vice President, Al Johri (McCormick 2015), student software developer, and Sheng Wu (McCormick 2014), past ASG Technology Vice President, will talk about the app design competition "RedesignNU," how the Northwestern Course Data API was created, and how it is being used.

Tamara Iversen Foster, Senior Systems Analyst/Programmer, NUIT Administrative Systems, Student Enterprise Systems, will share an overview of the administrative development and discuss how the Northwestern Course Data API might continue to evolve in the future.

What You'll Learn

At this Mobile Meetup you will learn about:

    How the Northwestern Course Data API was developed.
    How APIs can set the stage for addressing pain points identified by the NU community.
    "Course DJ" and other app prototypes developed at the design competition "RedesignNU." 

Read more about the Mobile MeetUp series.
Date: 	

Wednesday, October 15
Time: 	11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m.
Location: 	

Norris 202 - Northwestern Room
Evanston Campus

 Students do not have to register!

Faculty and staff:
Click Here to Register Now
	  	 

	
	
	
	
  	  	
www.it.northwestern.edu
Follow NUIT on Twitter for technology tips and news:

		 @NU1HELP 	
		 NU_NUIT 	
Information Technology 1800 Sherman Avenue Evanston, Illinois 60201 | Contact Us
Northwestern Home | Calendar: PlanIt Purple | Online Directory | Search
	  	 


