Asunto: How to be an Informed Wildcat
De: Esteban Doyle <estebandoyle2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 9/25/2014 5:36 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey there RCers!

I'm Bethany, the Vice-President of Academic Affairs for the Residential College Board. If you haven't already noticed, there is an INSANE amount of fun (and/or educational) stuff constantly going on around campus. But it can definitely be difficult to stay on top of what's happening when! Here are some really easy ways that you can stay informed of news, events, and opportunities. Don't miss out on something just because you didn't hear about it!

I would suggest you all "like" the following pages on Facebook (if you haven't already) to let social media do your scheduling for you! The people who manage these pages are, for the most part, very active, and I have found out about a lot of cool stuff from them.


    Academic-ish Facebook Pages
    Northwestern Alumni Association
    Northwestern Student Alumni Alliance
    Northwestern University Archives
    Northwestern University Contemporary Thought Speaker Series
    Northwestern University Study Abroad
    Northwestern University Library

    Northwestern University Residential Services

    Norris Mini Courses
    NU Registrar
    Northwestern University Career Services
    One Book One Northwestern
    The Daily Northwestern
    Undergraduate Research at Northwestern University

        and of course.....

    RESIDENTIAL COLLEGE BOARD

    Additionally, most departments at Northwestern have their own Facebook page, such as the Northwestern Undergraduate English Association or the Psychology Department. Search around on Facebook or the Weinberg website in order to find out more about those! 


    Other Fun Facebook Pages
    Downtown Evanston
    Northwestern University
    Norris Center
    Northwestern University Student Admission Council - SAC
    Northwestern Dining
    Spoon University
    Sustainability at Northwestern
    Northwestern Athletics
    Northwestern Wildside
    NU Nights
    NU CSI Campus Programming


Next, I would suggest that you spend some time exploring this website and subscribe to any listservs that look interesting to you! 

Staying informed can be as simple as that!

RCBest,
Bethany

P.S. But really... go like the Residential College Board fb page.


-- 
Esteban Doyle 
Northwestern University Class of 2017
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Sciences 
Environmental Engineering 
International Studies Residential College | President
