Asunto: ASG Weekly: 1.19.14
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/21/2014 5:12 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hope y'all had a nice long weekend, 
In case anyone hasn't heard yet, big announcement last Wednesday: Dunkin Donuts is coming to Norris this spring! Get excited!
Go 'Cats, beat Purdue.


	
Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
     
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Attend the Winter Activities Fair
	

•
		

Check Out the Winter Housing Fair
	

•
		

ASG Members Attend Association of Big Ten Students Winter Conference
	

•
		

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

ASG in the News

Dunkin' Donuts Confirmed, SafeRide app debuts at ASG Senate (The Daily Northwestern)
		
	

Attend the Winter Activities Fair
	
	

Looking to get involved in something new this quarter? Attend the Winter Activities Fair co-sponsored by ASG and the Center for Student Involvement. 

The Winter Activities Fair is this Wednesday from 2-5 on the second floor of Norris. Over sixty groups will be in attendance. 

To learn more about the event and the groups that are attending, check out the Facebook event here. 

Check Out the Winter Housing Fair
	
	

Looking for a place to live next year? Attend the Winter Housing Fair to get it taken care of now.

The Winter Quarter Housing Fair will be Friday, January 31, from 12-3 pm on the second floor of Norris. 

 

ASG Members Attend Association of Big Ten Students Winter Conference

This past weekend, seven delegates from ASG went to the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis for the Association of Big Ten Students Winter conference. They engaged with delegates from the 13 other Big Ten schools on topics including textbook affordability and bankruptcy protection for student borrowers. There were also discussions about best practices and important issues, including sustainability and mental health initiatives. In Winter 2015, Northwestern will be hosting the ABTS conference for the first time in seven years.

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

Publicize your student group's event over the Campus Loop, ASG's weekly events listserv. The Campus Loop reaches over 4,000 students! To submit to the Campus Loop, click here. To subscribe to the listserv, click here. 
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
		

	
				

-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
