Asunto: Hosting Prospective Students
De: Esteban Doyle <estebandoyle2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/21/2014 5:02 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi ISRC!

So some people have asked me about how I was able to host a prospective student. I have just received an email from the Student Admission Council (SAC), where they are asking people to join their listserv to host prospies. If you are interested, please read this message from Adam. 

-Esteban 

----------

Hello Everyone! My name is Adam Logeman, and I am the Coordinator of the Student Admission Council here at Northwestern. The SAC helps the Northwestern Admission Office in their interactions with prospective students. One of the main things that we do is host the prospective students during their overnight visits, and we are always looking for people that would love to host a prospective student. Many residential colleges give housing points or other incentives to host (ask your exec board!), but even if there is no incentive in your res college, it is a ton of fun! You really don't have to do that much, the student just shadows you around, getting a feel for what it is like to actually be a Northwestern student. They sleep on the floor of your dorm at night (they bring their own sleeping bag), and we provide them with meal passes so you do not have to use any of your meals to feed them. We never assign you a night, and it is purely on a volunteer basis! 

All in all, it is a pretty easy and fun way to interact with prospective students. We also have several other events throughout the year involving prospective students, including helping out with alumni interviews, calling accepted students to welcome them to NU, and, most importantly, Wildcat Days, which is Northwestern's accepted student visit weekends in the spring. 

We would love to have you join our volunteer team at the SAC! If you are interested, please fill out the following form: 

https://docs.google.com/a/u.northwestern.edu/spreadsheet/viewform?usp=drive_web&formkey=dFNVd3prOHZ4emVhamdNb3RaWXNUc0E6MA#gid=0 

Also, if you have any further questions, please feel free to email me at admsac@northwestern.edu! 




-- 
Esteban Doyle 
Northwestern University Class of 2017
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Sciences 
Environmental Engineering 
International Studies Residential College | President
