Asunto: Re: MSAB Contact for SAE
De: <kylerichards2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/6/2014 11:59 AM
Para: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>

Hey Ethan,

Tiernan is our project manager, which is as close to president as we get on the team. Her email is tiernanmurrell2016@u.northwestern.edu. For now she is also acting as our treasurer, but we are looking to recruit an official treasurer with the switch from McCormick funding to SOFO coming up.

The team website is www.northwesternformularacing.com, and we have facebook, twitter, flickr and youtube accounts all called either nufsae or northwestern formula racing.

Our biggest event date is unveil, which is going to happen on April 16th this year. It’s where we unveil the new racecar for everybody to see. Depending on their rebuild schedule, Baja may or may not be involved with unveil this year. They aren’t building a new car, but they may join in to show off their rebuilt one. As always, we would love to make unveil better publicized, so any type of public event calendar would be great. I’m looking into possibly doing a special McCormick administration and professors only meet and greet the week after unveil, so that we can have a little more time to talk to them about the car. That could be a place where MSAB could be involved, since you guys are much closer to the administration than we are.

Our biggest challenge right now is switching over to SOFO within the next week. Amanda has been doing our ordering, and she is transferring to career development after Friday, so until we have our accounts with SOFO up and running we have no way to purchase things. Tiernan is managing that transition right now, but if there is any way MSAB can help her move the process along that would be wonderful.

Thanks,
Kyle



From: Ethan Robison
Sent: ‎Thursday‎, ‎November‎ ‎6‎, ‎2014 ‎10‎:‎57‎ ‎AM
To: KyleRichards2017@u.northwestern.edu

I am Ethan Robison with the McCormick Student Advisory Board (MSAB). We're hoping to improve the student group experience for McCormick students and also to help them network. With that in mind, I'd like to get in touch with you and your group members.

We have initiatives in place for everything from publicized event calendars to standardized funding models (all sorts of good stuff), and we're looking to improve the communication and collaboration between your group and MSAB.

There are just a few things that we're looking for:
- Contact information for your president and treasurer
- Any website URLs that you might have (facebook, wordpress, or otherwise)
- Event dates for recruiting, info sessions, or other cool happenings

And, most importantly, please let me know of anything in your experience as a student group that you would like changed. That's what we're here for.

Best,

-- 

Ethan Robison
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science | Northwestern University
B.S. in Computer Science
