Asunto: Fwd: Weekly Jumpstart Opportunities
De: Ellen Goff <ellengoff2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/29/2014 11:11 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi ISRCers!

I'm sharing this Jumpstart email with you all because it has a lot of different service opportunities. If you decide to sign up for any of these (or any other non-ISRC service project) let me know so I can give you points!

ISRClove,
Ellen

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Northwestern Jumpstart <jumpstartnu@gmail.com>


Use this area to offer a short preview of your email's content.
View this email in your browser
Happy Halloweek!
 
Here are some upcoming Jumpstart opportunities.

In addition to these opportunities, be on the look out for Book Buddies information and our Baby Buddies application. A reminder: If your student organization is interested in volunteering or partnering with Jumpstart, just shoot us an email at jumpstartnu@gmail.com!
Robert Crown Center Celebrates Fall!
Friday, October 31st
10:55AM -1:30PM
Join preschoolers at the Robert Crown Center as they enjoy fall and Halloween festivities! Games, crafts, books, and delicious treats are in store.
Location: Meet at 10:55AM at the Sheridan & Foster bus stop (across the street from Kellogg). We will ride over to Robert Crown as a group.
Sign-Up Deadline: 8PM on Thursday, Oct. 30
Click HERE to sign up.

 
	

Bookamania!
Saturday, Nov. 22
8:15AM - 4:15PM
Bookamania is the Chicago Public Library’s exciting day of book-related crafts, story hours, performances and entertainment that celebrates children's literature. Volunteers will receive a free t-shirt and free lunch.
Location: Harold Washington Library, Chicago
Sign-Up Deadline: 11:59PM, Saturday, Nov. 1
Click HERE to sign up.
	


School Shopping with ESCCA
Wednesday, Nov. 5
6:30PM-8:45PM
Volunteer at an ESCCA serve event, helping Evanston children in need select clothes for the school year.
Location: Meet at the Center for Civic Engagement (1813 Hinman) at 6:30PM. We will drive to the short distance to ESCCA location on McDaniel Ave.
Sign-Up Deadline: 8PM on Tuesday, Nov. 4
Click HERE to sign up.
Copyright © 2014 Northwestern University Jumpstart, All rights reserved.
Thank you for signing up for the Northwestern University Jumpstart Volunteering listserv

Our mailing address is:
Northwestern University Jumpstart
1813 Hinman Avenue
Evanston, IL 60208-4175

Add us to your address book


unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences 

Email Marketing Powered by MailChimp

