Asunto: Some Changes
De: Davin Kim <davinkim2015@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 1/8/2014 11:40 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey, guys,

I think with the flyers and pictures going out, it might be best to make an official announcement. After tonight's meeting, we thought that we would give it a shot to split the practice time this quarter. So on Mondays and Wednesdays, we will have all the color belts have their practice from 8 - 9 P.M. and all the black belts have their practice from 9 - 10 P.M. Black belt members are more than welcome to come to the color belt sessions to participate in the workout, help out, and also maybe brush up on some forms or other areas that may have been forgotten.

Q: Why the change?
A: At least from what some of us observed, whenever the attention was given to the color belts during practice, some of the more advanced members seemed bored and unsatisfied with the workout. In turn, whenever the attention was given to the advanced members, many of the color belts seemed lost with the instruction. We're hoping that these changes would give each group the necessary attention required for a rewarding practice session.

Q: So I won't get to have as much practice time?
A: A fair and valid point. Yes, time-wise, there will be less time for each member to practice. However, our hopes are that this change will allow for a more condensed and satisfactory practice in which the practice time is used more wisely and efficiently.

We'll try this out and see how things go. If many people are opposed to this new plan, we will reconsider our options.

Also, for these next few Saturdays, we're going to be having a special beginners' workout prepared by some of our very own club members. Feel free to come join us and invite your friends (no experience necessary!).

More changes are on the horizon, but I will let those be known in due time. If there are any questions or concerns at all, please feel free to let me or Natalie know. Thanks, guys.

Yours,
Davin
