Asunto: Be A 2014 PA: Apps Due Monday; Final Call Outs!
De: Wildcat Welcome <wildcatwelcome@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/31/2014 12:42 PM
Para: Ethan <EthanRobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>

Be A 2014 PA: Apps Due Monday; Final Call Outs!
Apply to be a 2014 Peer Adviser...unleash your PAtential!
View this email in your browser
It's your turn, Ethan!
The Class of 2018 is counting on you.

There are only a few days left to apply to be a 2014 Peer Adviser! We're looking for students in all six schools, freshmen, sophomores, juniors, transfers, introverts, extroverts...even people whose fave color isn't purple. We are looking for people that are ready to make a difference and enhance the culture of Northwestern and positively impact first-year students. There isn't one single type of PA, you just have to be a NU student...which makes you the perfect candidate (loving NU wouldn't hurt, either)!
 

    Watch our video to learn what new students say about their PA
    Apply online by Monday, Feb 3 at 11:59 p.m.
    Visit a Call Out Session (required for applicants)
        TODAY at 5 p.m. in Harris 107
        LAST ONE: Monday at 5 p.m. in Harris 107

You may ask, "Why would I want to do that?" To that, I say great question, thank you for asking. It is absolutely true that Peer Advisers are some of the most influential leaders at Northwestern. It is a position in which you must be able to balance organization, interpersonal skills, problem solving, and group dynamics while working to make it all a personal experience for each of your first-year students. PAs have the opportunity to create an even better Northwestern for the first-years...can you help us create a phenomenal welcoming environment while helping new students transition to NU life? 
"Wildcat Welcome changed my life. As a member of the Wildcat Welcome family, I gained confidence, managerial and communication skills, logistical strategies, and a deep abiding love of Northwestern. I found a home on a large, extremely talented campus and felt as if I truly gave back to my university."
-  2013 NU Alum (via NU survey distributed 6 months following graduation)
Apply Now!
MEAS Students
We have something brand new coming down the pipeline for 2014-2015 in conjunction with MEAS as we work to greatly infuse Whole Brain Engineering into the entire transition process. With the addition of four brand-spanking new freshman advisors in MEAS, we will be working to greatly improve transition throughout the year and also the advising process for first-year students (this also means we'll be selecting several additional MEAS PAs than we have in the past). The pilot program, which will be starting in MEAS, will work to address the specific needs and challenges of MEAS students, especially during the first few quarters. The 2014 PAs will be crucial in this new initiative. Visit one of the last PA Call Outs to learn more!!
Copyright © 2014 Northwestern University, All rights reserved.
You're a Northwestern student...and awesome.

Our mailing address is:
Northwestern University
600 Haven St
Evanston, IL 60208

Add us to your address book


unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences 

