Asunto: Fwd: Richard Blanco lecture
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/22/2014 7:30 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi ISRC!

Join the Graduate School and the Society of Presidential Fellows for inaugural poet Richard Blanco’s keynote lecture:
“Poetry for the People" at 4:00PM, 107 Harris Hall, on February 25.
The first 100 attendees will receive a free signed copy of Blanco’s new book, “For All of Us, One Today: An Inaugural Poet’s Journey.” Reception to follow.
For more information and to register, visit http://www.tgs.northwestern.edu/news/presidential-fellows-present-richard-blanco/index.html

One of the most beloved and influential poets and storytellers writing today, Blanco has been widely acclaimed for his performance at the inauguration of President Barack Obama in 2013. Following in the footsteps of such American literary icons as Robert Frost and Maya Angelou, Blanco is also the youngest, first Latino, immigrant, and openly gay writer to serve as inaugural poet. In his talk, Blanco will address these questions and more. 


- What is the role of poetry in public life? 

- In what ways does poetry promote unity and lead to greater understanding among people? 

- How can poetry further humanitarian efforts and justice?
 
I hope that you all take advantage of this excellent opportunity!

ISRC-Love,

Nathan



-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University, Class of 2015
School of Communication: Performance Studies
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences: Biological Anthropology, Slavic Studies (minor)
International Studies Residential College, President
Theatre and Interpretation Center, Lab Theater Aide
Wildcat Welcome 2013, Peer Adviser
Spectrum Theatre Company, Special Events Director



ATT00001

 

Support also provided by:

The Alice Kaplan Institute for the Humanities

Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences

The Buffett Center for International and Comparative Studies

The Center for Writing Arts

Department of Art History

The Nicholas D. Chabraja Center for Historical Studies

Program in Comparative Literary Studies

Hispanic/Latino Student Affairs

Latina and Latino Studies Program
 

We hope to see you there!
 

Warmly, Hayley Glaholt

-- 
Hayley Rose Glaholt, M.Sc., M.A.
Doctoral Candidate [Religion, Ethics, and Public Life]
Presidential Fellow

Northwestern University
1860 Campus Drive, Crowe Hall 5-179
Evanston, Illinois 60208
www.linkedin.com/in/hayleyroseglaholt

'It may be that when we no longer know what to do,
We have come to our real work,
And that when we no longer know which way to go,
We have begun our real journey'
                                                          Wendell Berry




Adjuntos:
ATT00001	3.6 KB
Blanco_Poster_PageSize.pdf	1.7 MB