Asunto: **IMPORTANT: RCB Formal Tomorrow Night!!!!**
De: Esteban Doyle <estebandoyle2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/13/2014 4:40 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello Formal-goers,

As formal is happening in a little over 24 hours, here are a few things you ought to know.

Transport:
Please arrive at the buses at 6:55. North campus buses (for CCI, CCS and Slivka) will meet at the Kemper parking lot, and south campus buses (CRC, ISRC, Jones, Chapin, Shepard, PARC, Hobart and Willard) will meet in front of Cahn Auditorium. Buses will be leaving at 7:15, so please arrive on time. If you have any issues making it to the buses, or strange circumstances regarding transport, please tell your President as soon as possible.

Tickets:
I am handing out tickets RIGHT NOW in 2-Blue. If you cannot come get your ticket tonight, you can get your ticket tomorrow (I'll be in the Main Lounge from 12-1:30pm tomorrow). You need your ticket to get on the bus, as well as a wildcard (or ID if you have a non-Northwestern student guest). Make sure to bring those. 
The tickets are assigned to a specific bus
Bus 8: Tickets 361-367 (Cassie and myself will be loading this bus)
Bus 9: Tickets 368-412 (Gabrielle will help load you guys)
Bus 10: Tickets 413-416 (Rohan and Thomas will be loading)

Food:
There will be food at RCB Formal, but only light appetizers. Try to eat beforehand, or else you won't have a full meal that night.

Alcohol:
This is an alcohol free event. Don't bring any containers of liquid to the buses with you, and don't come to the event intoxicated. Anyone who tries to board a bus who appears to be drunk will be turned away.

Have Fun!
The Field Museum is an awesome venue. There will be music and dancing, food and drink, lots of open exhibits, a photo booth and a bunch of awesome people. We really hope you enjoy it!

Have fun,
Residential College Board



-- 
Esteban Doyle 
Northwestern University Class of 2017
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Sciences 
Environmental Engineering 
International Studies Residential College | President
