Asunto: Money earning opportunity!
De: Jeong Kim <jeongkim2016@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 4/6/2014 4:35 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey all,

I got this email (look below) before the spring break and it is a good opportunity to earn some extra money that can be used to pay the dues! If we can get a big enough group, we can get an extra $10 for our "financial aid" money. If you are I interested in participating, please email me so I can see whether we can form a group.

There are many other opportunities to earn cash through participating in research studies on campus. If our $40 due is a bit burdensome to you, I strongly encourage you to do 4 or less of these studies! I earned so much cash last year participating in these studies!

Good luck with your new classes,
Natalie

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Heather Madonia <hmadonia@gmail.com>
Date: Thursday, March 20, 2014
Subject: Brief Request
To: jeongkim2016@u.northwestern.edu


Dear Jeong Min Kim,

 

I am writing with a brief request. I am a graduate (Ph.D.) student at Northwestern University   As part of my research I am involved in a study for which I hope to find participants.  I am thus writing to inquire whether your group, Taekwondo, WTF, would be willing to participate. My colleagues and I would conduct the study on campus and compensate them for their time with $10. Participants can choose to keep the $10 or donate it to your organization. Indeed, if your group can assure us of 20 people in a day, we are happy to compensate you an extra $25 directly. Specifically, we are asking people to take part in a brief study of no more than an hour. They would watch 5-6 news segments on a laptop (we would ask them to bring their own or can provide one; also we will provide headphones for them). We then ask them to answer a few brief surveys. Next, we would ask them to take discuss what they watched for about three others for up to 5-6 minutes. Finally, they would complete another survey. Again, the entire study should last no longer than an hour, at most.

 

The study is entirely straightforward and has been approved by the Northwestern University Institutional Review Board. At the start of the study we would ask subjects to confirm that they are willing to participate in the study, as the Review Board likes to see this confirmation.

 

Two final notes. First, I should note the study, due to my student status, is also in conjunction with my advisor, James N. Druckman, Payson S. Wild Professor of political science at Northwestern, who can be reached at druckman@northwestern.edu if you have any questions about the project. Second, we would also ideally ask to conduct where your organization normally meets, as this is typically easier and more convenient for participants. If possible, we would like to run multiple sessions in one day if enough group members are interested in participating. We can do this any time after March 31, 2014.

 

Thank you so much for your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you. I can be reached at heathermadonia2015@u.northwestern.edu or (330) 931 – 2472.

Sincerely,

Heather Madonia

PhD Student

Northwestern University

 

