Asunto: Fwd: Tuesday, Nov. 18- Dittmar Dinner and Discussion with Paul Arntson RSVP required
De: Jen Guo <jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/7/2014 1:53 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi ISRC!

Below is a great opportunity to have a lovely dinner and discuss C. Steele's Whistling Vivaldi, from One Book One Northwestern!

Best,  Jen (ISRC Assistant Master)

Use this area to offer a short preview of your email's content.

View this email in your browser

 
Dittmar Dinner and Discussion
with Professor Emeritus Paul Arntson

Applying Claude Steele's Identity Contingencies and Stereotype Threats to People Labeled with Physical, Mental, and Cognitive Disabilities:  How are they applicable and what can be done about them?

This dinner and discussion will examine if and how Claude Steele's analysis of identity contingencies and stereotype threats apply to people labeled physically, mentally, and cognitively disabled.  Are the remedies he proposes useful for disabled identities or are the every day cues in the environment (physical and social access, education, jobs, housing, "specialness", adequate income support, etc.) much more important to change?  How can "regularly abled" people interact with people with disabilities without feeling anxious and therefore avoiding the interactions? An expert panel will be part of the dinner-discussion evening.    

Dinner is free and open to the public. Space is limited and filled on a first come first serve basis. RSVP is required.

RSVP here.

Dinner Details:
Date: Tuesday, Nov. 18
Time: 5:30 - 7:00 PM
Location: Dittmar Gallery, Norris University Center
1999 Campus Drive,
Evanston, IL 60208

 

Copyright © 2014 Northwestern University/ One Book One Northwestern, All rights reserved.
You are trying out MailChimp!

Our mailing address is:

Northwestern University/ One Book One Northwestern

Locy Hall

1850 Campus Drive, Room 112/113

Evanston, Il 60208


Add us to your address book



unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences 

Email Marketing Powered by MailChimp

 



-- 

Jen Guo | Personality & Health Psychology, Northwestern University | Ph.D Candidate 2018

Foley Center for the Study of Lives, Northwestern University | 2120 Campus Dr. | Rm #214 | Evanston, IL, 60208
314.537.4516 | jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu
