Asunto: ASG Weekly: 4.10.14
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/10/2014 7:53 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey guys!

Your new ASG president and executive vice president are Julia Watson and Erik Zorn! Thanks everyone who took the time to vote, Julia and Erik are both pretty awesome and this should be a really good year for ASG. 

Have a good week,
-J

	
Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
     
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Tired of CAESAR? Sign up for RedesigNU
	

•
		

Apply for ASG Executive Board
	

•
		

Apply for ASG student group committees
	

•
		

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables
	

•
		

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice
	

•
		

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

ASG in the News

ASG passes legislation proposing action toward sexual assault prevention (DailyNU)

5 Questions with incoming ASG President Julia Watson and Executive VP Erik Zorn (NBN)
		
	

Tired of CAESAR? Sign up for RedesigNU

Calling all designers, innovators, and developers!

Interested in making Northwestern's services better while creating your own web/mobile app? You could win up to $4,000 for your idea!

Register for RedesigNU, a 24-hour hackathon from 6pm Friday, April 25th through 6pm Saturday, April 26th. Entrants will compete to create the next student web service. Available resources include the Caesar class search API and Wildcat Connection API.

For more information and to register, check out our website.

Apply for ASG Executive Board

Do you bleed purple? Are you passionate about improving the Northwestern community? If so, apply to be on the 2014-15 ASG Executive Board!

Applications are due Friday, April 18th at 5:00 pm for the following Vice President positions:

Academics; Community Relations; Diversity & Inclusion; Public Relations; Services; Student Life; Sustainability; Technology

To apply, complete the application here. See here for position descriptions.

Contact Chief of Staff Rafael Henriquez at asg-cos@u.northwestern.edu with any questions or concerns.

Apply for ASG student group committees

Are you interested in working across all of Northwestern’s student groups? Do you have ideas for improving or helping newly recognized organizations? Would you like to tackle problems student groups are currently facing?

Apply to be on an ASG committee for the 2014-15 school year! Applications are now available for the Student Activities Resource Committee and the Student Groups Committee.

To apply, fill out the application here. The deadline to submit applications is Friday, April 18 at 11:59 pm.

If you have any questions, feel free to contact our committee leads:

    Serene Darwish (Student Activities Resource Committee)
    Alex Van Atta (Student Groups Committee)

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables

To sign up for Spring 2014's ASG Admin Round Tables, please fill out the form here.

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice

Campus Voice is ASG's campus-wide feedback platform that lets students submit ideas, report problems, and ask questions.

Want to give ASG your feedback? Submit to Campus Voice here. 

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

Publicize your student group's event over the Campus Loop, ASG's weekly events listserv. The Campus Loop reaches over 4,000 students! To submit to the Campus Loop, click here. To subscribe to the listserv, click here. 
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews
. 
Do not click the Unsubscribe link below - it will not work.

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
		

	
				


-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
