Asunto: Fwd: FW: Winter RC Seminar Openings - please post on your RC listserv
De: Jen Guo <jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 12/3/2014 8:11 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi ISRCers,

See below for some ResCollege seminars open to all!

Thanks and best of luck with finals,

Jen
ISRC Assistant Master

 

------

RC SEMINARS: SPECIAL COURSE OPPORTUNITIES FOR WINTER QUARTER

 

*Not sure about all of the winter courses you registered for?

*Still looking for a hidden winter gem that fulfills a distro?

*Do you prefer small seminars to big lecture courses?

*Are you thinking about a 5th course for winter?

 

If you answered “yes” to one or more of these questions, then keep reading. A few of Northwestern’s special “RC seminars”—full-credit, residence-linked courses that count for different distro areas—still have space available so we’re opening them up to students beyond their host residential colleges. RC seminars are taught by faculty members who are fellows affiliated with residential colleges. Look over the three course descriptions below. If you want to take that course in winter quarter, write directly to the instructor to request a permission number so you can register in CAESAR. Permission numbers will be distributed on a first-come, first-served basis through the end of the week.

 

GEN_LA 280-4-10

Public Affairs in the History of Public Affairs Residential College (Area IV)

Wednesday 3-5:50pm, PARC Seminar Room

Michael J. Allen (m-allen1@northwestern.edu), History Department, PARC

The Public Affairs Residential College (PARC) celebrates its 25th-anniversary in 2015. PARC was founded at a consequential moment—at the end of the Cold War and the start of the "long war on terror;" at the dawn of email, the internet, mobile phones, laptop computers, and the "new economy" dominated by "new media;" and contemporaneous to the emergence of a new generation of leaders who came of age in the 1960s and who remained invested in that era's tumultuous conflicts. These changes transformed the public sphere in the United States and with it the very meaning of "public affairs," giving rise to a political culture driven by scandal and popular mistrust of powerful people and institutions. This course reflects on the evolving nature of "public affairs" in the history of the Public Affairs Residential College through a close examination of notorious "affairs of state" since 1991, with affairs used in the French sense of the word "l'affaire" to denote public scandal arising from the private or secret behavior a person or group that, when exposed, results in public controversy and debate. Examples include the Iran-Contra Affair, the Clarence Thomas vs. Anita Hill controversy, the Monica Lewinsky scandal, exaggerated claims about Iraq and WMD in the war on terror, and the Enron scandal and other instances of corruption related to the 2008 financial crisis. We will also explore the changing modes of transmission by which such affairs enter public consciousness and are discussed, looking at the rise of partisan news platforms such as Fox News as well as new media such as blogging, social media, and unregulated campaign ads. The course will help students to reflect on how and why "public affairs" has changed since the founding of the public affairs college, while introducing them to major developments in the history of the past quarter-century.

 

GEN_LA  280-6-10

Folk Music of America and the British Isles (Area VI)

Tuesday/Thursday 2:30-3:45pm, Chapin War Room

Paul Breslin (p-breslin@northwestern.edu), English, Humanities Residential College (Chapin)

In this course, we will study a sampling of folk music from England, Ireland, Scotland, and North America (including African American songs and a few from the Caribbean).  The course will combine three approaches: 

1.       Comparative and Historical: This concerns the metamorphosis of folk songs—how they transform themselves into variants and family clusters as they pass from one historical and cultural situation to another.  It attends to the social functions that the music served and the methods by which these songs have been preserved and circulated.

2.       Formal: We'll consider the artistic conventions of folk songs—their approach to narrative and symbolism, their treatment of melody and rhythm.  At all times, we will be alert for the ways in which the metamorphosis of a song in its travels through time and space can alter its formal shape, the “how” of its saying as well as what it says. If you have musical training, you may want to talk about the way a melody fits with its words, the effect of the old modal scales on the idiom of the songs, musical differences between versions.  If you don't have musical training, not to worry--the words alone give you plenty to think about.

3.       Communal: We'll gradually build, within the class, a miniature musical community, in which students share songs they know, or discover in their work for this class, with each other.  In formal education, we are encouraged to think analytically about a subject.  Although we will do that, there is another dimension to this class:  it's also about finding music you hadn't heard before that moves you and sharing it with others; it's about love as well as knowledge.

 

GEN_LA  280-6-20

The Silver Mirror: Latino American Culture in Movies (Area VI)

Monday, 3-6pm, Shepard Classroom

Rifka Cook (rifka36@northwestern.edu), Spanish and Portuguese Department, Shepard Residential College

The fundamental purpose of this course is the expanding of our students' horizons--especially through movies. The students will be introduced to the Latin-American culture through this engaging media; and help the students in the class to learn about events in specific cultures which have contributed to the panorama of the Latin-American’s world community -- for instance, the Mexican revolution, life in Cuba during the dictatorship of Castro, Chile in the 1970's, and so on. In addition to these memorable and salient references to contemporary history, the films will also teach students about the daily life of their protagonists with respect to food and meals, family and community traditions, the raising and education of children, etc. Such information provides a means for the student to grow in mindfulness of the quotidian lives of other peoples, as well as offering enjoyment to the whole class through sharing the viewing of much that is beautiful, uplifting, and thought-provoking. Participating in the course will enhance critical thinking because students will learn how to evaluate and compare real events as recorded and portrayed in different movies.

 

-- 

Jen Guo | Personality & Health Psychology, Northwestern University | Ph.D Candidate 2018

Foley Center for the Study of Lives, Northwestern University | 2120 Campus Dr. | Rm #214 | Evanston, IL, 60208
314.537.4516 | jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu
