Asunto: Re: Reminder about shift change requests for meetings
De: Alexander Schlehuber <alexanderschlehuber2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/7/2014 11:40 PM
Para: <NTS@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

TREMENDOUS CORRECTION

It is only the Thursday and Friday following the meeting that are "up in the air" as far as being able to be covered.  Everything that Saturday and after are good.
I have corrected the beautiful picture to reflect this.

On Wed, Oct 8, 2014 at 12:33 AM, Alexander Schlehuber <alexanderschlehuber2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hey everyone,

    This is me giving a reminder about how we're going to be handling shift change requests at meetings. 
    For one, one thing we're going to be trying to do is to have all of this done on shiftplanning, at meetings.  This could mean either bringing your laptop or simply using a smartphone; there's a shiftplanning app available.  So we need you to have all of the shifts you think you're going to need covered ready and requested, on shiftplanning, before you come to the weekly meeting.  This way, we'll be able to have someone accept it on shiftplanning at the meeting as well, and we supers will be able to confirm it all at the same time.  This should make the process faster and less terrible.

    Secondly, I'm just going to reiterate the time period after the meeting that you're going to be responsible for.  I'm attaching a handy picture to make understanding this easier.

    -On the Wednesday of the meeting, if you have a shift that you need covered after that meeting but before the Saturday of the following week, i.e. about 10 days later, we cannot guarantee that it will be covered.  We will certainly do what we can to accommodate you, stuff happens, but it is not a sure thing.  We do need to have a deadline on this sort of stuff. 

          In the picture, the "current" meeting is the red circle, and the time period for which we can't assure that your shift will be covered is the red area.

    -Any shift after the Saturday of the following week is what we can guarantee that you'll be getting covered.  That's the yellow days.


    This is just making it easier so we aren't scrambling desperately to get shifts covered two days in advance.  Thanks y'all.

    Also - this email is a fun game as well!  What month of what year did I use for this picture?  There is only one correct answer!!!!  Guesses will be reviewed at this upcoming meeting.  The winner will receive something amazing.

    Thanks,

    Alex



Alex is bad at this.jpg


Adjuntos:
Alex is bad at this.jpg	83.1 KB