Asunto: You're Invited to the Mobile MeetUp "Rapid Mobile App Development for ANSER Using AngularJS" - January 21, 2015
De: Georgiy Mazin <gmazin@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/14/2015 2:49 PM
Para: undergrad-students <undergrad-students@eecs.northwestern.edu>




	NUIT Northwestern University Information Technology 	Northwestern University 	

	
	
You're invited to the Mobile MeetUp
"Rapid Mobile App Development for ANSER Using AngularJS"

If you have not already done so, we invite you to register for this event.

After publishing its 200th paper, the Argonne-Northwestern Solar Energy Research (ANSER) Center realized that it could do an even better job of managing the 60+ research projects across four institutions, 20 principal investigators, and 85 researchers. The ANSER Center needed to create a platform that further fostered and supported collaborative ideation and research - and they reached out to NUIT to meet an aggressive, seven-week project timeline.

At this Mobile MeetUp, Dick T. Co, Director of Operations and Outreach at the ANSER Center and a Research Associate Professor of Chemistry, Judd A. and Marjorie Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences, will share how the ANSER Center collaborated with NUIT Academic & Research Technologies Advanced Media Production Studio (NUAMPS) to create ANSER Now - an iOS, Android, and web app that established an online community for ANSER researchers, functions alongside the ANSER Center's monthly meetings, and facilitates project management across a large, disperse research center.

Rodolfo Vieira, Web and Mobile Developer, NUAMPS, will provide a closer look at the mobile strategy, innovative technologies, and the mobile development and deployment processes utilized for this project.
Join your colleagues at this Mobile MeetUp to learn about:

    Features of ANSER Now including, a repository to track project updates, support for live voting and feedback during research project presentations, Center publications, and more.
    How Drupal's CMS editing capabilities were layered with Web Services in the app development.
    How a technology stack, composed of Headless Drupal, Web Services, IONIC, and AngularJS, was used to expedite iteration and to engage with the ANSER Center in an agile way.
    How Vagrant, Docker, and Protractor software was used to create and deploy end-to-end automated testing environments for both the CMS and the mobile apps.

About the Presenters

Dick T. Co is the Director of Operations and Outreach at the Argonne-Northwestern Solar Energy Research (ANSER) Center and a Research Associate Professor of Chemistry at Northwestern. The ANSER Center is a 20-Principal Investigator research center founded in 2007 and funded by the Department of Energy (9 years, $34.2 million). Dick is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Center, the setting and implementation of ANSER's strategic goals, and the development of partnerships with external industry and education stakeholders.

Rodolfo B. Vieira is a Web and Mobile Developer at NUAMPS. Rodolfo served as the lead developer and project manager for the ANSER Now project.

Read more about the Mobile MeetUps series.
Date: 	

Wednesday, January 21, 2015
Time: 	11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m.
Location: 	

Norris 203 - Lake Room
Evanston Campus

 
Click Here to Register Now
	  	 

	
	
	
	
  	  	
www.it.northwestern.edu
Follow NUIT on Twitter for technology tips and news:

		 @NU1HELP 	
		 NU_NUIT 	
Information Technology 1800 Sherman Avenue Evanston, Illinois 60201 | Contact Us
Northwestern Home | Calendar: PlanIt Purple | Online Directory | Search
	  	 
