Asunto: SummerFest and Oratorical Contest!
De: Esteban Doyle <estebandoyle2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/5/2015 7:44 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi ISRC!

This email has information about two separate things. The first is SummerFest, which is an opportunity for this Thursday to find out about potential things to do over the summer from research to an internship. The second event is an oratorical contest in honor of MLK Jr. The deadline for submission has been extended to this Friday. 

----

SummerFest

·         Thursday, January 8, 12-3pm, Norris Second Floor (details below)

·         Facebook event page: bit.ly/NUsummerfest

·         Full SummerFest program (with list of info tables and how-to sessions): http://www.northwestern.edu/living/about-us/orai/assets/summerfest-program.pdf

 

Anyone coming back from a recess filled with family questions about summer plans will be eager to learn about NU-based options for study, funding, employment, and more.  Maybe some people want to make a pact to draft resumes this week and bring them for feedback from Northwestern Career Advance. (18 staffers will be in the Northwestern and Lake Rooms.) Maybe folks just want to have their picture taken together on a giant inflatable wave in the Louis Room because that is on their college bucket list. Maybe some just want to passively browse the many information tables in the Louis Room and have some cotton candy or popcorn. Even 30-40 minutes at SummerFest can be pivotal for summer planning. Just ask some of the 1300+ students who went in 2013.

·         What can students accomplish at Summerfest?

o   Learn about summer activities in different places

o   Start planning for any applications

o   Find out if they can earn degree credit

o   Meet the people at NU who can help them

·         Who will be there?

o    Advisers representing over 20 offices and programs

o    Students sharing insights from recent summer experiences

o    Northwestern Career Advancement offering advice on internship searches, resumes, and cover letters

·         What should students bring?

o    An open mind about diverse summer opportunities

o   A draft of their resume if they want professional feedback

o   An appetite for cotton candy, popcorn, and summery treats

o   Lots of friends, because they’ll be doing them a favor

----------------------------------------------------------------

The subcommittee for the oratorical contest has decided to extend the deadline to encourage more students to submit. The submission deadline has been extended to Friday, January 9th. Please use the below flyer to help spread the word! 

 



-- 
Esteban Doyle 
Northwestern University Class of 2017
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Sciences 
Environmental Engineering 
International Studies Residential College | President

Oratorical-Contest.jpg


Adjuntos:
Oratorical-Contest.jpg	148 KB