Asunto: NEXT registration now open: Register to job shadow a Northwestern alum this spring
De: Jen Guo <jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/6/2015 1:15 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi ISRCers,

See below for this amazing opportunity!

Jen
ISRC Assistant Master



What's the best way to get a glimpse of what it's like to work in a specific industry or career?

Spend a day in the life of someone working in the profession you're interested in pursuing!

Registration is now open for the Northwestern Externship Program (NEXT). NEXT is a one-day shadowing program that offers current Northwestern students the opportunity to accompany alumni on the job in all parts of the country and outside the U.S. to learn more about different professional fields.

A record number of almost 700 Northwestern alumni have volunteered to provide externship opportunities in a variety of fields. Among them:

    Senior Strategist, Leo Burnett
    Senior Research Analyst, Nielsen
    Corporate Relations Manager, Allstate
    Pediatric Critical Care Fellow, Vanderbilt Children's Hospital
    Communications Manager, National Geographic
    Field Producer, CNBC
    Attorney, Cook County Public Defender's Office
    Technical Program Manager, Google
    Associate Marketing Manager, General Mills
    Director of Financial Services, PwC

... and many, many more!

NEXT is open to all current Northwestern undergraduate and graduate students and will take place from March 23-April 24, 2014. The exact externship date will be mutually decided by the student and alumni host within this month-long timeframe.

Visit http://alumni.northwestern.edu/next  [scroll down to the student section at the bottom of the page for the registration link] today to register for NEXT. Registration runs from Jan. 26 through Feb. 11. Be sure to pass this on to your Northwestern friends as well - this is an opportunity not to be missed!

Questions? Please email next.student@northwestern.edu or visit the FAQs.

Sincerely,
Northwestern Career Advancement and the Northwestern Alumni Association




-- 

Jen Guo | Personality & Health Psychology, Northwestern University | Ph.D Candidate 2018

Foley Center for the Study of Lives, Northwestern University | 2120 Campus Dr. | Rm #214 | Evanston, IL, 60208
314.537.4516 | jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu
