Asunto: Re: MSAB Meeting Monday
De: Jane Miller <janemiller2012@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 4/6/2015 9:09 AM
Para: <MSAB-EXEC@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey guys! This is a reminder that we're having our first meeting tonight at 7pm in Tech L250. Please let me or Brennan know if you can't make it.
On Apr 2, 2015 10:38 AM, "Jane Miller" <janemiller2012@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hey MSAB!

    Thank you to everyone for filling out the whenisgood for this quarter. We’ll be meeting from 7-8pm on Mondays in the Dean’s Conference Room (Tech L250). As usual, please try to make sure to check in with Jane or Brennan if you can’t make it to the meetings.

    This quarter, we’ve got some of our largest (and most exciting) events coming up (E-week, Senior Sendoff, Dinner with 12 Strangers). Most of this quarter’s meetings will focus around planning and executing these events. There are a lot of opportunities to contribute new ideas, organize fun events and help put together some of the events that MSAB is known for.

    At the meeting this coming Monday (April 6th), we’ll be preparing to launch our Dinner with 12 Strangers event. looking for volunteers to help with the major profiles interviews,  and doing some of the background planning for E-Week and Senior Sendoff. To help with some of these events, we’d like everyone to bring a list of their favorite McCormick professors to our meeting. We’ll be emailing them looking for their participation in E-Week and the Gotaas award using a standard email. Additionally, we’re still planning on using the project check-in forms we started using last quarter, so if you’re leading a project, please make sure the form for your project is up-to-date and in our Google drive.

    See you Monday!

    -Jane and Brennan


    -- 
    Jane Miller
    McCormick Student Advisory Board Co-Chair
    B.S. Mechanical Engineering, McCormick School of Engineering
    Northwestern University Class of 2016

    Phone: 224-456-2283
    Portfolio | LinkedIn

