Asunto: Important Housing Reminders and EASTER EGG HUNT
De: Emma Danbury <emmadanbury2018@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/4/2015 1:49 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

HEY ISRC! I’m Emma, the new VP of our lovely Pineapple House. I’m so excited to take on this role and am writing now to remind everyone about housing AND to announce our first event of the quarter!

First, some info about housing for anyone planning on living on campus for the 2015-2016 school year: 
(If you already know you’re living off campus next year, you can skip this part.)

Something EVERYONE needs to do if they want a spot in campus housing is sign the Housing Contract (https://rms.resservices.northwestern.edu) 
After that, it’s like a Choose Your Own Adventure…

If you want to live in ISRC next year:

    Make sure you are at least on 3rd list. If not, talk to Rohan, we can work something out.
    Sign the Housing Contract with the university here: https://rms.resservices.northwestern.edu 
    Print out the Letter of Intent attached to this email, fill it out and give it to Rohan by April 8
    Choose your top 3 rooms and give those to Rohan by April 15

If you want to live in another Res College next year:

    Make sure you are at least on 3rd list. If not, talk to Rohan, we can work something out.
    Sign the Housing Contract with the university here: https://rms.resservices.northwestern.edu 
    Contact Rohan ASAP so we can talk to the VP of that res college and ensure you get through their housing procedure-- you will still need to do the Letter of Intent, but it will be turned in to that res college

If you want to live in Res Hall next year:

    Sign the Housing Contract: https://rms.resservices.northwestern.edu 
    You'll get an email with priority numbers-- this will be how you pick a room next year
    Follow further instructions you receive on that. Information on res hall housing is available here: http://www.northwestern.edu/living/housing-assignments/returning-students/overview/index.html

A note: Rohan is still in charge of housing this quarter. Questions can mostly be directed to him, but you can certainly come to me with questions as well.

Now that we’ve gotten the business out of the way, I’m happy to announce a building-wide Easter egg hunt!!! 

Think big. Think sweet. Think nearly 150 candy-filled eggs hidden artfully in every possible nook and cranny of ISRC. Start hunting as early as you like Sunday morning, and keep it up until they’ve all been found! 

In addition, there is a special prize for whoever finds the most eggs! Collect your empty plastic eggs in a plastic bag from the recycled bags box and leave it outside Room 111 (in 1 Rust) with your name on it to be considered. (Special thanks to Jasper for the inspiration for this event!)

Thanks for your time and have a great weekend!
Emma





