Asunto: Midyear Evaluations- Ethan Robison
De: Norris Student Employment Committee <norrisemployment@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/27/2015 3:47 PM
Para: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>

Good evening,

Attached are evaluation spreadsheets for the employees you are evaluating. These spreadsheets will appear to have no information, but this is in fact not the case.  To access the ratings, you will need to first click on the "Enable Editing" button and then "Enable Content" (to enable vba/macros). 

Supervisors should start scheduling their one-on-one staff interviews and get the Acknowledgment and Goals forms for the interviews from Jenn Stripe or their staff supervisors.  Please remember that these forms must be used to record the performance expectations, conclusions, and goal agreements coming out of the interviews.  The two goals that the students will be responsible for accomplishing are the goals that you both agree are necessary for the staff member's development.  These may be the same goals that were offered by the employee in their self-assessment, but are likely what the supervisor and employee worked out together at the meeting.  The form must be signed by the student employee and evaluator.  If the evaluator is a student supervisor, the staff supervisor must also sign the form.

The deadline to turn in these forms to Jenn Stripe has been extended until Tuesday, February 17th.

Here are some considerations when speaking with your student employees:

    Be honest and fair in evaluating all assigned employees.  Work to maintain your objectivity throughout the review of each employee's performance.  A balanced evaluation takes into consideration the employee's performance on its own merits, and relative to the performance of their coworkers. 

    Be consistent and realistic.  Have clearly defined criteria to use with all your staff.  Hold all employees equally accountable for their work.

    Bring any notes you took during the online assessment: These notes will help inform you of what you were thinking when you chose one competency description over another.  This is particularly helpful if the employee's performance wavers between two descriptions.

    Give meaningful comments that match your ratings and discuss them with your employee.  Comments should recognize achievement and be constructive.  Though ratings cannot be changed on the online evaluation, use the Evaluation Acknowledgement form to record any insights you've gained from the meeting with your student employee.

    Set goals with the employee.  Consider what you want your employees to learn from the job and work with them to develop goals and strategies to achieve this learning.

    There should be no surprises.  For returning student staff, the evaluation should be an examination of your employee's performance so far, this academic year.  Your employees should already be aware of any concerns you have about their job performance from prior communications.  This should not be the first time an employee learns of any concerns.

    The evaluation is also a forward-looking meeting, particularly for newly hired staff or staff with a limited number of shifts worked.  The meeting should be a conversation about the expectations for the position for the rest of this academic year.


Regards,

Norris Student Employment Committee

-- 
 
The Norris Student Employment Committee is committed to enhancing student employee education through experiential learning, community building, and opportunities to develop professional skills in a diverse, supportive environment.

Adjuntos:
Midyear Survey 2015 - Ethan Robison.xlsm	99.5 KB