Asunto: RE: NTS Shift Log
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/6/2015 9:16 AM
Para: Christopher Burpee <christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu>

That's okay! We're getting it eventually.
El abr 6, 2015 11:13 AM, "Christopher Burpee" <christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu> escribió:

    Yes, the remote will work, but you need to stand in just the right place.  Although it may be worth trying it while reaching over the railing.

     

    As Michael said, I doubt anything additional will be available before our upgrade this summer.

     

    Christopher Burpee

    Technical Services Manager

     

    Norris University Center​

    Northwestern University

    (847) 491-2335

    christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu

    www.northwestern.edu/norris

    NORRIS_Logo_STACKED_250x250

    As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration.  Other people and other people's ideas are often better than your own.  Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.  - Amy Poehler

     

    From: Ethan Christopher Robison
    Sent: Monday, April 06, 2015 11:11 AM
    To: Christopher Burpee
    Subject: Re: NTS Shift Log

     

    Hi Chris,

     

    Concerning switching the input: this works for a moment of "privacy," but the client in question needed the projector to be dim while performers were on stage.

    I talked to Alex and Will about the remote, and will give that a go next time. That said, an option from the booth would be very nice. I know that it's tricky, though.

     

    Anyway, thanks for the heads up!

     

    Best,

     

    2015-04-06 7:37 GMT-05:00 Christopher Burpee <christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu>:

    Hey Ethan,

    There is an A/V mute option on the remote.  But it’s hard to get to work from the stage.  Another option is switching inputs (i.e. dvd) while you do something else, and then switching back.

     

    Christopher Burpee

    Technical Services Manager

     

    Norris University Center​

    Northwestern University

    (847) 491-2335

    christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu

    www.northwestern.edu/norris

    NORRIS_Logo_STACKED_250x250

    As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration.  Other people and other people's ideas are often better than your own.  Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.  - Amy Poehler

     

    From: no-reply@forms.dosa.northwestern.edu [mailto:no-reply@forms.dosa.northwestern.edu]
    Sent: Saturday, April 04, 2015 12:30 PM
    To: Michael Kenneth McKean; Justin Philip Clarke; Christopher Burpee
    Subject: NTS Shift Log

     

    Name
    	

    Ethan Robison

    Date of Shift
    	

    Apr 04, 2015

    Time
    	

    12:00 PM

    Type of shift
    	

    In House

    Any Issues?
    	

    - General Question/Note

    Question, Suggestion, or Note
    	

    Just a small (ish) request: can we please get some sort of projector mute in Louis (even a hotfix where we just project a black screen would be great); I've had several events go amusingly because I was unable to mute the projector without turning it off.

    That said, perhaps I am just missing the obvious, if there is actually an option...

     



     

    -- 

    Ethan Robison

    McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science | Northwestern University

    B.S. in Computer Science

