Asunto: Fwd: Power down for Earth Hour 2015 on Saturday, March 28
De: Kylee Grant <kyleegrant2017@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 3/26/2015 5:30 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey, ISRC! 
Earth Hour is coming up soon, and you can join in by participating in some fun ideas back home. Check out the link for some ideas! 

Have a great break, everyone! 

- Kylee (Eco Chair Emeritus) 

(Scroll past the picture for more info on Earth Hour)

Hello Wildcats,

Wherever you are over the break you can participate in Earth Hour! Earth Hour is the world’s largest mass participation event in history, raising awareness about climate change and demonstrating that in working together, we can make a difference. On Saturday, March 28 from 8:30 to 9:30 pm, Northwestern University will join individuals, businesses, landmarks, and other organizations across the world in voluntarily turning off lights and other unneeded electronic items to reduce energy consumption.

You can join the millions of people in 7,000 cities and towns across 162 countries to conserve as much electricity as possible in this symbolic support for the environment. Evanston has been named the 2015 Earth Hour Capital of the U.S. by the World Wildlife Fund’s Earth Hour City Challenge and Chicago received the award last year. This will be the seventh year the Evanston and Chicago campuses have participated in Earth Hour.

To learn more about NU’s commitment to the environment and the Office of Sustainability, please visit our FB page and sign up for our newsletter. You can also take the sustainNU Green Pledge, which asks you to commit to simple choices that will help make Northwestern a healthier and more sustainable place.

Have a safe and fun break!

Rob Whittier
Director of Sustainability

northwestern.edu/sustainability

newsletter | facebook | twitter



-- 
Kylee Grant 
Northwestern University Class of 2017
International Studies Residential College: Eco Chair
Helicon Art and Literary Magazine: Art Editor

