Asunto: [NORRIS-STUDENT] Midyear Evaluations Update
De: Norris Student Employment Committee <norrisemployment@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 1/26/2015 6:19 PM
Para: <NORRIS-STUDENT@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Good evening everyone,

The evaluations that were submitted are being sorted as Excel spreadsheets and emailed to the supervisors of record.  We expect all the evaluations will be sent  by tomorrow.  These spreadsheets will appear to have no information, but this is in fact not the case.  To access the ratings, you will need to first click on the "Enable Editing" button and then "Enable Content" (to enable vba/macros). 

Supervisors should start scheduling their one-on-one staff interviews and get the Acknowledgment and Goals forms for the interviews from Jenn Stripe or their staff supervisors.  Please remember that these forms must be used to record the performance expectations, conclusions, and goal agreements coming out of the interviews.  The two goals that the students will be responsible for accomplishing are the goals that you both agree are necessary for the staff member's development.  These may be the same goals that were offered by the employee in their self-assessment, but are likely what the supervisor and employee worked out together at the meeting.  The form must be signed by the student employee and evaluator.  If the evaluator is a student supervisor, the staff supervisor must also sign the form.

The deadline to turn in these forms to Jenn Stripe has been extended until Tuesday, February 17th.

Regards,

Norris Student Employment Committee

-- 
 
The Norris Student Employment Committee is committed to enhancing student employee education through experiential learning, community building, and opportunities to develop professional skills in a diverse, supportive environment.
---- NOTICE: You are receiving this message because you are listed as a current student employee at the Norris Center. If you no longer work at Norris or have questions about this list, please contact Jennifer Stripe at 847-491-2385 or jennifer-king@northwestern.edu.
