Asunto: LaunchQuad's The Interview Featuring Eric Fenton, CEO of Ignite Progress
De: Benjamin Strick <benjaminstrick2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/18/2015 9:48 AM
Para: undergrads@eecs.northwestern.edu, grad-students@eecs.northwestern.edu, UGRADS-P-A@listserv.it.northwestern.edu

LaunchQuad's 2nd weekly interview featuring Eric Fenton
Written by William Noglows 
View this email in your browser
Week of February 16th
Each week the LaunchQuad team will pick one student or alumni from a university to talk about how they got their start and the story behind their success. From founders of on campus startups to establish entrepreneurs, LaunchQuad will cover it all. If cool people & stories interest you, LaunchQuad will provide you with access to exclusive one-on-one interviews delivered straight to your inbox.
	
Featuring Eric Fenton From Northwestern University 
Following college, graduated students face the pressures of finding a job, earning some money, and eventually providing for a family. Somewhere between all of this, Eric Fenton has found a way to give back to his community and help others. In 2010, Fenton launched Ignite Progress, which provides standardized test preparation to students who cannot afford traditional tutoring programs. Operating as a social enterprise, Fenton has created a model for those looking to empower others through entrepreneur-ism.
 
Ignite Progress has enabled hundreds of students with test-taking skills that highlight their strengths and improve their weaknesses by providing personalized assistance determined by each student’s individual learning style. While test scores do not paint a complete portrait of a student, they often determine the educational opportunities students pursue after high school. Drawing on his own high school experience, Fenton aims to provide all students with the resources that maximized his opportunities heading into college. Fenton and the Ignite Progress team are transforming a stressful process into a satisfying experience for all high school students.
 
LQ: When did you first think of the idea behind Ignite Progress?
I first thought of it when I was 16 in high school. I was doing some volunteer work in particularly under resourced communities in Chicago, and spending some time there made me realize that I was so fortunate to have resources growing up that put me at an advantage over a lot of other individuals. I realized that equalizing affordable access to educational resources increased so many opportunities for students after high school.
 
LQ: Can you share a story about where you felt you changed a student's life?
Back in 2007, there was a student whose dad was in prison and mom had basically let him go and he was living with his aunt and uncle. We were able to help him and see him go on to complete high school and go to college. Beyond the traditional academics, we got into music and other things. I taught him how to play the piano. We developed a close relationship over the course of a couple years and it’s exciting to see where he goes from here. 

LQ: What are some of the struggles you have had to overcome with Ignite Process?
Ignite Progress is a social enterprise, which is a for-profit organization that achieves both monetary and social return on investments. We try to find market-based solutions to social problems. That’s been a challenge at times. It’s a very different concept to combine the two. Typically, people invest in a company and make their money, and then they give their money to a different nonprofit. We are trying to combine the two.

LQ: Could you explain why you chose to work in South Africa for some time?
The first time I was in South Africa was in 2005 and then we went again in 2009. We spent just about a year in the southern most part of South Africa and then up in Johannesburg. Back about 15 years ago, my family adopted a young woman who was an Angolan refugee fleeing a civil war in Namibia. She came to the States, and we helped put her through college. When we went back in ’09, we were really into microfinance, just trying to figure out how to help people gain access to capital. We trained them in entrepreneurship and how to manage businesses.

LQ: If you were a senior in college right now, what markets would you be excited about working in?
I think that this emerging market of social enterprise is very exciting. I would love to see this market entered by more and more Millennials. Millennials come out of a generation where more than ever people want their work to have purpose and meaning. Speaking generally, Millennials want to make money; they want to have fun; they want to provide for families. I would say this is a way of mixing business and mission.

LQ: If you could give your twenty-year-old self one piece of advice, what would it be?
I would say pursue your dreams and what you’re passionate about, even if you don't make a lot of money. At least for the first three or five years after college, you want to do certain things and not have any regrets. I understand the debt students face after graduating, but if you can pursue specific things that make you happy, do those things.

LQ: What was the best idea you have ever had?
I had a funny opportunity when I was living in Los Angeles. My best friend’s band opened for Linkin Park and the lead singer was friends Leonardo DiCaprio so we went to a party at his house after. We met Ben Affleck and Matt Damon who were really just kicking things off at the time. I had this vision of wanting to help them with their dating relationships, because things weren’t going well. I had this vision of reaching out to them and talking through some things and letting them know from my own relationship about what to do to get things back on track. I didn’t have the balls to say this to them. Who knows where my life may be? I’d probably have a role in Gone Girl with Ben Affleck.

LQ:  What do you do when you aren't in the office?
I love snowboarding. On a more consistent basis, I’m in an acappella group called Chicago Rock A Cappella. We’ve performed at Soldier Field and Comiskey Park. But more than anything I love to spend time with my family. I love my kids and my wife. I like to spend all my time with them.

LQ:  Is there a company that you see that you wish you had founded?
Part of me wishes that I came up with the idea for the company Kiva. I think the concept was incredibly unique for their time. The work they do in micro-finance and empowering entrepreneurs is really amazing.

LQ:  What was one of your craziest experiences in college?
There was this library where I went to school that had this caged-in library section that only had this demonic, cultish literature that was set-aside for graduate students.  My friends and I got into the building and climbed up and elevator shaft up to this fifth floor that was inaccessible to all undergraduate students. The campus police ended up coming and my friends ran away while I was stuck in this cage. I was in this James Bond scene where I was dodging police flashlights until I could find a way out. It was definitely a rush it was pretty cool.

LQ:  What is your dream project?
I would love to work for The Table Group, so more of working for a dream company. It’s run by Patrick Lencioni and they have an approached consulting model that's all about leadership development. They work with a lot of Fortune 500 companies, the government, nonprofits, and small companies. It's all about leadership development and team building. I’m very drawn to working on their projects.

LQ:  What did you think of Pete Carroll's call to pass it on the one yard line in the Super Bowl?
I am just thinking that you have made some crazy plays with the pass to Marshawn Lynch and the bobbling catch on the sideline. You have to give the ball to Marshawn on the one-yard-line. Pete Carroll has had great success with USC and the Seahawks, but that was one of the dumbest play calls I’ve ever seen.
Cheezburger: Empowers people to act on their instinctual desire to laugh and share a laugh with others. Cheezburger has raised over $70MM in funding.
 

For Real Dough:  Specialize in creating gooey, mouthwatering cookie dough that's totally safe to eat raw
 

Circa:  Cliff's notes-like news stories that gives readers the facts without all of the fluff.

 
SIGN UP
	Share
	Tweet
	Share
	Forward


-- 
Ben Strick
Northwestern University
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences, Class of 2016
