Asunto: Re: Supervisor
De: Ahren Alexander <ahrenalexander2012@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/15/2015 3:16 PM
Para: Christopher Burpee <christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu>
CC: ntssupervisors@gmail.com

Hi Chris,

I've just realized how swamped I am with other responsibilities and decided I am satisfied as a non-supervisor.  I appreciate the offer to extend the deadline very much. 

I should mention I will have to reduce my hours working for NTS as I'm making room for working the Graphic Design position I was just offered upstairs.  While I enjoy the company of the NTS crowd, ultimately the position does not help me grow creatively, and I'd like to refocus my attention toward a work study position that I think will. 

I've cc'd the supervisors to let them know as well as tell them I won't be able to make the meeting tonight as I'll be downtown working at Catalyze.  I can still work my usual hours next week, but the next I'll likely have to cut back.

I hope this doesn't cause inconvenience, and let me know if there's anything I can do to make the transition easier.

Best,
Ahren
On Apr 13, 2015 11:09 AM, "Christopher Burpee" <christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hey Ahren,

    When you replied to the Availability survey back in March, you had indicated an interest in being a supervisor next year.  The application deadline closed Sunday, and I haven’t received an application from you.  If you’re still interested, I’d like to extend the deadline, and give you to the end of the day today to get me your materials.  The posting can be found on careercat.  Thanks!

     

    Christopher Burpee

    Technical Services Manager

     

    Norris University Center​

    Northwestern University

    (847) 491-2335

    christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu

    www.northwestern.edu/norris

    NORRIS_Logo_STACKED_250x250

    As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration.  Other people and other people's ideas are often better than your own.  Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.  - Amy Poehler

     

