Asunto: [Taekwondo] Uniforms and Saturday Practice
De: Ji-Hoon Kim <jihoonkim2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/8/2012 10:09 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello awesome people,

I hope you guys all enjoyed our first full week of practice and the first practice with our instructors. A word of warning: You might be feeling a little sore in the morning tomorrow, but no worries. Think of it as growing pains. :)

Anyways, I mentioned this briefly at the end of practice today, but we are going to start ordering uniforms on Wednesday. These are going to be standard color belt uniforms (white collared uniforms), so if you are a black belt who wants a fancy and much more expensive black belt uniform, this does not concern you. (You can still order one if you'd like.) Anyways, if you are interesting in purchasing a uniform, reply to this email saying that you want a uniform along with your preferred size, and we'll add you to the order this Wednesday. Uniforms are 20 bucks each (much cheaper than last year's price of 35). We'll be ordering size 3, 4, and 5 uniforms, which roughly equate to small, medium, and large in that order.

Again, we are ordering them after practice on Wednesday, two days from now, so please reply soon if you plan to have a uniform.

Now, part 2 of the email: Saturday practice for this week is cancelled because of the club trip. For those of you who don't already know, before the school year started, Alex grabbed a bunch of cheap tickets for this trampoline place where we could test out some techniques that we don't normally get to use in class. If you guys are on the list of people going on this trip, keep your eyes peeled for more information in a separate email later. Yes, that trip is this Saturday, so mark your calendars accordingly.

And if you are not going on this trip because you are new this year and therefore had no way to know about our pre-school year shenanigans, don't feel left out. We're going to try to bring back post-Saturday practice H-mart trips with lots of Korean goodies and food. Aaaaaand I just got the email today from Purdue inviting our club to their tournament again this year, which is on November 10 and is always lots of fun.

Last order of business: Email me if you tested last Spring Quarter and didn't get your belt at practice today.

Alright, that is all. Everybody order uniforms so I can give Allan more treasurer stuff to do!

El Presidente,
Ji-hoon
