Asunto: [Taekwondo] Saturday Practice, Sky High Sports, Uniforms
De: Ji-Hoon Kim <jihoonkim2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/10/2012 11:08 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everyone,

A few of you weren't on the listserv when we sent the last few emails, so this is mostly just a quick recap.

NO SATURDAY PRACTICE THIS WEEK

That's the big one. Please don't come to Blom this Saturday and regret trying to wake up on time for practice. Instead, we will be going to Sky High Sports to have some fun being acrobats on giant trampolines. We still have room for rides! If you aren't going as of now but are still interested, reply to this email saying you want to go. The price is 11 dollars per hour, and we'll be there for two hours. For everyone going, we're meeting in Blom parking lot at 2:30.

Uniforms. Apparently, the total cost of the uniforms was enough to count as "suspicious activity," and my debit card was auto-denied and temporarily frozen. Fortunately, I got that all cleared up, so uniforms should be here Wednesday at the latest. Please pay back the $20 next week.

And as our treasurer just texted me, make all checks payable "to Northwestern university. Nothing else. No mention of tkd at all." Sorry, Shahriyar. Also, next week would probably be the best time to collect dues as well. Club dues are $35 a quarter, and you can put dues and uniform cost combined on the same check if you'd like.

Last thing: Purdue is coming up in a few weeks, so we're going to devote some major Saturday practice time to preparing for that (not this Saturday of course). That means lots of forms/patterns and lots of sparring. Even if you don't plan on going to the tournament, come anyway! There's still plenty of good training to go around. And if you're new, you'll get to see sparring practice for the first time.

Finally, something fun to watch in your spare time. We went over every kick in the following video during practice today, minus the back kick.
But the tornado kick as well as the single and double roundhouse are all there:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVGzlVP0JsU

See you Saturday,
Ji-hoon

