Asunto: How would YOU improve NU?
De: The UBPC <UBPC+Chair@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 12/2/2012 3:00 PM
Para: Ethan <EthanRobison2016@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Reply-to: 
Dear Ethan,
 
Earlier this quarter, the Undergraduate Budget Priorities Committee (UBPC) started the Campus Brainstorm to ask you and your peers about the aspects of Northwestern student life that need improvement.  We now ask that you take some time to help us further specify and prioritize these suggestions, to assist the President and the Provost as they draw up next year’s budget.

Please take 15-20 minutes of your time to share your thoughts about the current state of student life at Northwestern.  Having a large representative sample of the student body is critical to accurately determining the views of the student body as a whole and your participation is key to achieving this goal.  In addition, by completing this survey, you will be entered into a drawing for 5 $25 Visa gift cards.

Your participation in this survey is completely voluntary and your responses will in no way be connected to you individually.  The results will be reported only in aggregate and will shape the UBPC proposal, which will be delivered to the President, Provost, and other administrators in late February.

Don't miss out on your opportunity to tell President Schapiro how you want the University to change in the coming years. Visit www.ubpcsurvey.com and make your voice heard!

In the past, the UBPC’s process has led to numerous improvements, including better cell phone reception in Norris, Tech, and the Library, the Saturday Chicago Express shuttle, expanded funding for undergraduate research, and an A&O concert in Welsh-Ryan Arena.  As the University begins implementing its new strategic plan, your thoughts will help shape the university for years to come. This is your opportunity to voice your opinion and let the University know about the issues that matter most to you. 

Thanks very much for your help, and have a great break!
 
Sincerely,
Chase Eck
Chairman, Undergraduate Budget Priorities Committee
