Asunto: On the Acquisition of Knowledge
De: John Gaffney <johngaffney2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 12/17/2012 11:30 PM
Para: ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu

Greetings, Mr. Robison!  May your holiday season be of the utmost joy (well, the second utmost joy.  I already claimed the most joyous holiday season!  :P ).

If I have deciphered your jigsaw puzzle correctly, it should read thus:

"Some adjustments should be made to some of the things that you and I have discussed.  We had considered the idea that we might be able to, should we theoretically come to "know" everything, predict everything.  The issue lies in our knowing.  Let us disregard the idea of everything (for this is in fact an administrative issue, not an actual problem).  Instead, consider the ideas that surround things like this.  Should we discover every bit of information about, say, the weather, our scope of prediction is limited (with only partial accuracy) to at most a few days.  This is in fact not an issue of capacity but rather fundamental.  Systems such as weather patterns, dripping faucets, wind blowing over airplane wings, and things of that nature, are inherently unpredictable.  It's not a matter of many variables, as it might seem; rather, it is a matter of the system itself.  At best, we can take potshots at what a dripping faucet will do in the next two or three seconds.  After that, more measurements must be made.  Consider it this way:  the only way to get a good observation of a chaotic system is to measure it at an infinitely tiny scale; to watch it."

I hope that this is the intended solution to the puzzle; if you are contemplating, as my phone service suggests, that "we theordministrative issue" and "a drietically come to," then your level of discourse reigns far above my level of comprehension!

Aside from telecommunicative humor, I believe your text is related to the dropping of a ball on a triangular prism; this was a fascinating point (haha, point) of which I would like to hear more.  Is it truly random?  I would imagine that unseen discrepancies in symmetry (whether air pressure, centers of gravity, or the curvature of the ball in relation to its point of landing, among many others) would influence which way it falls, and in a vacuum, would it not remain perfectly on the center, or perhaps bounce back up?

The discovery of every possible source of information regarding weather would not enable us to predict weather; there are a plethora of exogenous factors at hand.  Carbon emissions are a factor, solar activity is a factor, plant reproduction is a factor (more trees = more oxygen!), etc.  I will assume that our hypothetical "solving" of weather is holistic in that it includes all variables, even those originating outside of the system.

With this knowledge, I fail to see how the scope of prediction is limited.  As it currently stands, forecasters project trajectories and intensities of extant hurricanes based upon discernible factors;  Were it possible to understand the system of hurricane formation, trajectories and intensities could be charted just as they are now - what's lacking in current knowledge is when and where they form, although this is clearly a natural phenomenon that occurs in 100% of cases where the water temperature reaches a certain point, the wind is at a certain point, etc.  Knowledge of these factors could allow us to chart hurricanes far into the future, as long as we have these data.  The scope of prediction is only as large as our dataset; oceanic patterns of 2035 could be placed into the "hurricane formula" just as easily as tomorrow's can.  The difference is that we know what today's temperature is, can make a reasonable prediction about tomorrow's, and figure our current hurricanes.  (There won't be any hurricanes on Earth in 2035, but I was just using an example to illustrate my point.)

Thus, the problem is not fundamental:  it is purely of capacity!

Looking back on things, we can say that x caused y.  In political science, we like to explain everything through causal factors, although this is very often Monday morning quarterbacking.  Because we can say that Romney's ability to produce garbage orally resulted in Obama's victory, we can go back and say that someone living in summer 2012 could have, with the right knowledge of systemic functions, identified Romney's production of oral garbage as a factor that tilts the scales of fate towards Obama.  Most people didn't know it at the time (although Nate Silver and Drew Linzer did), but politics is not "inherently unpredictable."  It is only unpredictable to people who do not have knowledge of the proper algorithm, and thereby it is in fact wholly predictable.

I posit that this is true of all things.  Weather, faucets, wind...all of these things are governed by natural laws.  A dripping faucet will not spontaneously decide to blast out 50000 gallons per second after only dripping droplets for the previous hour.  (Unless the pressure was changed and some hooligan hooked it up to a hydrant - but we can chart that.)  You say that we cannot make predictions without making more measurements.  In this we are in total agreement:  if there remain sources unmeasured, then our knowledge is not complete.  My whole case rests upon the thinker possessing complete knowledge.

This becomes more controversial when it includes actions and words of conscious agents, although I sway not by such implications.  Knowing everything that happened in a person's life (particularly the environment and context) will enable one to fully predict all that will be said and done by that person.  As we predict further into the future, we will require more and more knowledge; but with all knowledge, one's entire life (furthermore, the lives of all) can be predicted with total accuracy.

You bring up chaotic systems.  Are systems truly chaotic?  If so, then are they really systems?  Regardless, this is an issue of semantics.  The real substantive matter at hand is whether there exist systems intrinsically unknowable.  I can think of none, although I would love to hear what you were thinking of in this regard.  Even the roll of a die is completely determined by knowable factors - angular momentum, initial velocity, peak height, the corner on which it lands, the buoyancy of the surface...

As a McCormicker, you probably (haha, probably) know more than I do about quantum fluctuations and the deterioration of black holes, the creation of universes, etc.  But certainly above the subatomic level, everything is projectable.  If you are aware of subatomic characteristics that contradict what has been hitherto stated, I would very much like to discuss them and their potential implications on more macroscopic events.

Sincerely,

G-Money
