Asunto: Campus Happenings 10.22
De: Darlene Reyes <darlenereyes2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/22/2012 12:18 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey Y'all! 
   I hope that despite the rainy weather you all are having a great Monday! & Good luck to those taking midterms this week! :) 

1. SBS Blood Drive
2. Campus CATALYST Fall Info Session
3. Resolved, race-based affirmative action in higher education should no longer exist
4. Mezcla's 2nd General Meeting 
5. Crimson, Creme, and Blue: Presidential Debate Watch Parties
6. Pretty Tuesdays
7. Recrutiment Kickoff: Boys To Men Initiative
8. Chicago: A City of Immigrants
9. Fall Quarter Phone-a-thons for Ambassadors & CLAVE
10. College Democrats Present "An Evening with Cory Booker"
11. STAND UP!: Taking Down Domestic Violence 
12. Join The Post, NU Intel's New Sports Section
13. Culture is Pride, Pride is Success
14. Peacekeeping in the 21st Century: A Daunting Challenge 
15. FUEGO: Bonfire at the Lakefill 
16. Alpha Mu Chapter, 90th Anniversary Homecoming Scholarship Ball 
17. Blue and White Week 2012: CHANNEL Blue 
18. Festival LatiNU
19. The Russian Student Association is organizing a Durak card night this Friday 4-5p.m. at Crowe 4-134.



    Come out and join SBS for the first blood drive of the fall quarter! 

    Every donor will receive a free T-shirt, and the first 200 donors will get FREE ANDY's custard. Also, SBS will sponsor a pizza party for the organization with the most donors!

    There will be three days to donate and volunteer:
    Monday Oct 22 @ Norris: Louis Room
    Wednesday Oct 24 @ Norris: Louis Room
    Thursday Oct 25 @ Parkes Hall

    All drives run from 11:00 am to 6:00 pm





    Are you innovative? Passionate? Ready to make an impact?

    Apply for campusCATALYST! a student driven consulting corps for nonprofits. We are seeking a group of bright, high-achieving problem solvers who are interested in learning about the intersection of consulting and nonprofit management. Learn more at www.campuscatalyst.org.

    Come to our info session MONDAY, OCTOBER 22TH 6PM in KRESGE 2430 to learn more. There will be free pizza!

    Applications for winter quarter are due by 11:59pm on Monday, October 29th. Questions? Shoot us an email! northwestern@campuscatalyst.org

    Resolved, race-based affirmative action in higher education should no longer exist.

    Mezcla's 2nd General Meeting


Pretty Tuesdays    
Katch the TERRIBLE THETA NUPES suited and booted every Tuesday. We will be kollecting donations for the McGaw YMCA here in Evanston. Help us raise money for this kornerstone of Evanston's kommunity.

Recruitment Kickoff: Boys To Men Initiative


	Join the Terrible Theta of Kappa Alpha Psi, Fraternity, Inc. as we commit ourselves to serve Chicago's Black community through the Boys To Men Initiative. See our objectives as well as the information for our recruitment kickoff below. 

Boys to Men Initiative Objectives:

1) To bring a group of Black, male high school students (9-11th grades to Northwestern University once a month. 

2) To provide these students with positive examples of hard-working Black college students in order to reiterate the importance of a college education and experience. 

3) To offer any educational assistance that is required. 

4) To introduce these students to Northwestern University’s campus and academic standards so that they can become prospective students. 

Recruitment Kickoff

Where: Urban Prep Academy, Englewood Campus

When: Tuesday, October 23rd from 8:00-10:00am

Any Black men interested in participating in a recruitment session should contact Jay, Adam, or Ben. This session will determine the group of students that we will work with for the duration of this year. If you can't make the recruitment kickoff but still want to mentor the students who are accepted into this program, be on the lookout for our monthly mentoring sessions beginning in November.




Fall Quarter Phone-a-thons 

It's that time of year again! Come to Ambassadors and CLAVE's Phone-a-thons on Wednesday, October 17th and Tuesday, October 23rd (same time- from 5;30-7:30PM and location- 1801 Hinman- on both days) Come eat delicious food and talk to prospies who are in the middle of the college application process. Answer questions about campus life and your experience as a person of color at Northwestern! Let's keep the momentum from last week's Meet and Greet going!!


Join The Post, NU Intel's New Sports Section

Become part of a new sports journalism tradition at Northwestern.

NU Intel is reopening its sports page -- The Post -- to provide unique NU sports coverage. If you don't want to wait to cover marquee sports, if you don't want to write only hard news or only features, if you think you have what it takes to provide the best sports reporting around...The Post wants you.

To learn more information about becoming a writer, photographer, graphics designer, videographer, or whatever else you can dream of, fill o
ut this applicationhttps://docs.google.com/a/u.northwestern.edu/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dGZUUXdTemZpMnJXeUJlbjdUTXNmb1E6MQ and you will hear back from an editor promptly.

Spread the word and let your friends know. If you know anyone who might be interested in reporting, refer them here. And if you're not a journalist yourself, we always want you to join the community as an avid reader!

Learn more about us at www.nuintel.net or by emailing intel@nuintel.net.


Peacekeeping in the 21st Century: A Daunting Challenge


Former UN Asst. Secretary-General Gillian Sorensen speaks on the limits and possibilities of peacekeeping, the UN’s current peacekeeping operations, as well as its successes and failures, specific challenges of Syria, and the realities of peacekeeping as a UN effort. 

Sponsored by NUCHR, NUMUN, GES, STAND, SJP, McSA, MAL, Women's Caucus, NUPU and NCDC

HARRIS HALL 107: THURSDAY 5-6PM








The Russian Student Association is organizing a Durak card night this Friday 4-5p.m. at Crowe 4-134.
Swing by if you'd like! :) 


-- 
Darlene Reyes 
International Studies | Northwestern University | Class of 2015 
Coordinator | Council of Latino Volunteers for Education
Fellow | Teach for America's Rising Leaders Fellowship
Secretary | International Studies Residential College
Service Chair | Alianza - The Hispanic/Latino Student Alliance
Mentor | Quest Mentoring Program




