Asunto: Re: Iowa State tournament
De: Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/3/2012 9:56 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi everybody,

Hope all is well, and you've been enjoying the first few days of classes as well as TKD.  Now that most of your classes have had the first class, you should hopefully have a syllabus with dates for exams.  Again the Iowa State tournament is October 20th, and its gonna be an overnight trip where we leave on Friday, compete on Saturday, and most likely won't get back to Northwestern until super late Saturday night or Sunday.  I know some people were concerned about exam schedules around that time, so I wanted to make sure people had amble time to check their schedule to see if they want to come to the tournament.

So to give you an idea of the time frame we are working with, the tournament is in 2 and a half weeks.  This isn't a lot of time for preparation, both organization and training.  But that shouldn't discourage you from wanting to attend the tournament.  Oh and if I didn't make this clear, I primarily recommend this to people who have been in the club before.  I wouldn't recommend beginners to go to the tournament, this e-mail is primarily for people who have been doing TKD for at least one to two quarters.  

Alright, this e-mail is long enough.  Please let me know by Friday if you want to go to Iowa State.  Enjoy the rest of the week.

-Alex


On Sun, Sep 23, 2012 at 8:09 PM, Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Iowa State has connections with Microtel Inn & suites, which has a special deal for people competing at the tournament.  There is a $55 group rate, which I can take care of.  If no other grad students decide to come.

    -Alex


    On Sun, Sep 23, 2012 at 8:01 PM, Kelly Hartzell <kellyhartzell2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

        What are we going to do for lodging if this is an overnight trip?

        -Kelly


        On Sat, Sep 22, 2012 at 8:33 AM, Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

            Hi everybody,

            So Lisa has brought to my attention that, your exam schedule is probably going to play a role in figuring out if you want to go to this tournament.  So I'm hoping that after the first two days of class, when you get your syllabus with your exam schedule, you can tell me if you want to go.

            -Alex


            On Fri, Sep 21, 2012 at 3:37 PM, Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

                Hi everybody, 

                So about 3 days ago, I sent everybody an e-mail that we could register for the Iowa State University tournament.  After today's breakfast/brunch meeting we decided that this was a tournament worth going to, and I'm organizing people who want to come.  I sent an e-mail to the listserv about the tournament, which includes the registration form.  First off, please let me know if you are interested in going.  The deadline for pre-registration is October 13th, so I want to know as soon as possible whether or not you plan on attending.  The registration fee is $55.  If you are seriously interested in competing, don't let money be an issue, talk to me about it.  Because Iowa state is very far away (6 hours driving), this will be an overnight stay, so we would leave on Friday (October 19th), compete on Saturday (October 20th), and depending on how long the tournament is, we'd probably leave on Saturday afternoon or Sunday (October 21st) morning.  All that being said, I think it would be a great experience for everybody who competes, however I can see how doing this might be difficult during the early/middle of the school year.  Also, there isn't a whole lot of time for training, but that shouldn't stop you.  Anyway, I digress.  Please let me know if you are interested as soon as possible so we can rent vans, and get a head count.  Additionally, if you're a regular at the club and you definitely do not want to come, let me know that too.  Hope all is well.

                -Alex





        -- 
        Kelly Hartzell
        Mechanical Engineering, McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
        Northwestern University, 2014
        Delta Zeta, Historian
        NU Taekwondo, Vice President



