Asunto: IMPORTANT TRAINING AND SCHEDULING ANNOUNCEMENT: Norris Technical Services
De: Timothy White <timothywhite2013@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/16/2012 2:56 PM
Para: <NTS@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everyone,

As you were probably informed, we have decided to do training a little bit differently this year. While we will eventually do an all-staff training (probably on a weekend in November,) we have also created a new training tool in a "Tech Services Checklist." We have added new hires to shifts with returning techs, and will continue to do so this week as more new hires are added. The new hires on these shifts should bring the checklist with them as often as possible. When there aren't events going on, the returning techs should run down the checklist with the new hire, to ensure they know the basics of how a tech shift works at Norris. We understand that not every shift allows this training, so we also ask that new hires ask the returning techs on the shift for help if they have not yet been trained in anything on the checklist. The checklist is attached. This should go a long way in ensuring everyone is prepared to take on the daily responsibilities of a technician as soon as possible.

Also, the new schedule should be out within a week. We had to delay scheduling due to a sudden influx of more new hires into the system. We will have all of the schedules collected soon, and we will send out the brand new, permanent schedule as soon as possible.

Thanks for being an awesome group of employees. We know there have been a lot of changes, and the beginning of this fall has been particularly busy, but you all are doing absolutely outstanding work, and we very much appreciate it. As always, if anything comes up, or if you have any issues or questions, do not hesitate to contact me, the other supervisors, or Michael.

Thanks,
Tim White
-- 
Tim White
Northwestern '13
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences


Adjuntos:
Tech Services Checklist Sep 17, 2012.pdf	629 KB