Asunto: Last XRC Trip: Christmas Schooner
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/13/2012 2:47 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello ISRCers!

I am excited to let you know about our last XRC Event of the quarter!

Cross Residential College (XRC) trips are for Res College residents only, and they are arranged by Nancy Anderson, director of Residential Life.  We have 4 or 5 each quarter, and the Master Staff of ISRC subsidizes the ticket prices so that they are more affordable, and therefore much more tempting!  The Res Colleges provide transportation, and Fellows or Master staff attend the events, so you can get a chance to meet them, as well. 

 
 The Christmas Schooner Musical, Mercury Theater, November 30th, 6pm-10:30pm. $10 with subsidy 

    The Christmas Schooner is a musical based on a real Chicago Christmas story, and is considered a "sacred part of Chicago Christmas". The 'Rouse Simmons', a Great Lakes schooner, was known as "The Christmas Tree Ship." Its captain risked life and limb to transport fir trees from Michigan's Upper Peninsula to Chicago's German immigrants during the late 19th century. A timely and stirring tale of love and loss, The Christmas Schooner reminds us of tradition, and our responsibility to celebrate the living while honoring our heritage. It's supposed to be pretty cool, too. 


If you are interested in going on this trip, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part is the big one!)
    Email me ASAP if you want to go on the trip.  I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Give me ALL THE MONEYS by Friday, November 17th. No, seriously, you need to pay me before you get a ticket reserved. In person or under my door (in an envelope with your name). Please have exact change, because I don't carry around a cash register
    If you have any questions, send me an email. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details 
    Go on the trip


You can pay me in person (cash or check made out to Northwestern University), or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name, event and email on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). I go to lunch at Hinman Tu/Th and I'm around from 5-8pm on Mondays.  

I look forward to hearing from you!

Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC
Northwestern University

