Asunto: The First XRC Trip of the Year -- Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me!
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/1/2013 7:41 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello ISRCers!

This email is the first of several throughout the year, giving you a chance to take advantage of one of the coolest parts of living at ISRC--XRC trips. 

In case you can't remember all the acronyms in your life, Cross Residential College (XRC) trips are for Res College residents only, and they are arranged by Nancy Anderson, Director of Residential Colleges. We have 4 or 5 each quarter, and the Master Staff of ISRC seriously subsidizes the ticket prices so that they are more affordable, and therefore much more tempting!  The Res College system also provides transportation (almost always via fancy buses right outside ISRC) and Fellows or Master staff attend the events, so you can get a chance to meet them, as well. 

 
Numero Uno: Live production of NPR's "Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me!" At Chase auditorium in Chicago on Thursday, October 10th, 5:45-10:00pm, $10 

    Easily the most famous WBEZ show after "This American Life", this long running NPR "oddly informative news quiz" tests your knowledge against some of the best and brightest in the news and entertaining world while figuring out what's real news and what's made up. We'll be part of the audience of a live recording, and the panelists (people like Mo Rocca and Neko Case) and call-in guests (last year it was Nancy Pelosi) are always pretty sassy and entertaining.  You can listen to episodes here if you need more convincing (but you obviously don't). It's fun. Pick up is on Sheridan outside ISRC. Easy. 



If you are interested in going on either of these trips, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part is the big one!)
    Email me ASAP if you want to go on either trip.  I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Give me ALL THE MONEYS by this Friday. No, seriously, you need to pay me before you get a ticket reserved. You can pay me in person (we can arrange a meet) or you can put the cash or check (to Northwestern university) in an envelope with your name under my door.  If there are just random bills on the floor of my office, mama buying herself some shoes. 
    If you have any questions, send me an email. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 
    Go on the trip. Make your suite mates jelly. 


Again, can pay me in person (cash or check made out to Northwestern University), or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name, event and email on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). Read the XRC policy if you have to back out. 

I look forward to hearing from you, and I hope to see you at lunch this week (and your Master staff will be at Hinman for dinner on Wednesday at 6pm, too!). 



Adjuntos:
XRC Ticket Policy 2013-14.pdf	55.0 KB