Asunto: Academic Affairs---Contemporary Thought Speaker Series!!!
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/12/2013 12:24 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everyone!!

Check out this email from Laura, VP of academic affairs for the Residential College Board. She has some info about a really cool speaker series coming up. All of the speakers are really progressive, interesting new voices in academia and public affairs. Check it out!

Best, 

Nathan

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi!

I'm Laura, the new VP of Academic Affairs for the Res College Board. One of the many benefits you enjoy as a resident in a college is a community of living and learning. It's my job to help foster this sort of out-of-the-classroom, lifelong learning whenever possible. As such, I'd like to make you aware of a really cool series of events that will be going on this Spring: the Contemporary Thought Speaker Series. Last year, this organization brought Steven Pinker to campus. This year, they're hosting not one, but THREE awesome talks. I would encourage all of you to attend! For more information, please see the flyer and text below.

Best,
Laura Stoughton


Dear friends of Northwestern University,

My name is Ellie Graham. I am a senior at Northwestern and the student chair of this year's Contemporary Thought Speaker Series (CTSS).

The CTSS is an undergraduate initiative at Northwestern supported by the Offices of the President, the Provost, and Student Engagement. Our Steering Committee of distinguished faculty, administrators, and students seeks to identify and secure the most forward-thinking minds of our generation to speak to the Northwestern community on the purpose and value of a university education in today's world. It is our hope that the CTSS will contribute to a stronger sense of intellectual community at Northwestern and provide common ground for students of various academic disciplines to discuss why a university education is important to them.

This year's program features the following speakers.

    Wendy Kopp, founder of Teach for America, will speak on Wednesday, April 17 at 4:00pm in Coon Forum. This event is co-sponsored with the School of Education and Social Policy and part of the Ray and Nancy Loeschner Lecture Series on Leadership. 

    Damon Horowitz, Director of Engineering and In-House Philosopher at Google, will speak on Tuesday, April 30 at 6:00pm in Ryan Auditorium. This event is co-sponsored with the Department of Philosophy and the McCormick School of Engineering.

    George Saunders, the New York Times best-selling author, will speak on Monday, May 6 at 6:00pm in Harris Hall 107. This event is co-sponsored with the Department of English, PROMPT Magazine, and the Norris Center for Student Involvement.

Tickets are free of charge, but limited. They can be reserved online through the Norris Box Office beginning today, April 11, at 9:00am. 

Please feel free to circulate the attached e-flyer within your departments. Thanks very much!

Ellie Graham

jegraham@u.northwestern.edu

Adjuntos:
NU CTSS.pdf	979 KB