Asunto: Fwd: A&O Group Listerv Message--Please Forward
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/8/2013 1:03 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: "Sarah Bridgewaters" <sarahbridgewaters2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Date: Apr 8, 2013 1:56 PM
Subject: Fwd: A&O Group Listerv Message--Please Forward
To: "Nathan Lamp" <NathanLamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Cc:

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: "Melina Sherman" <melinasherman2013@u.northwestern.edu>
Date: Apr 8, 2013 1:47 PM
Subject: A&O Group Listerv Message--Please Forward
To:
Cc:

Hi all, can you please forward the following message over your listservs? I'm trying to follow our A&O protocol for blasting independent student groups and have bcc-'ed ya'll (as you are listed as primary contacts for forwarding). Please let me know if there's another way I should be doing this. Anyhoo, thanks for much for your help!!

Cheers--


Inline image 1


OFFICIAL SEX WEEK 2013 SCHEDULE

Check out our facebook page for more information!! http://www.facebook.com/events/438364969588375/?notif_t=plan_user_joined


Monday, April 8th

Bad A$$ MCs and Big Booty Beauties: A Panel on Women, Sexuality, and Hip Hop
7pm in the McCormick Tribune Center
Co-Sponsored by Pulse Magazine and the Center for Student Involvement

Would you listen to Nicki Minaj’s lyrics if it weren’t for that booty? Are music videos showcasing scantily clad women exploitative or empowering? Back by popular demand, a panel of experts, including African American Studies professors Alexander Weheliye and Nitasha Sharma, discuss the presence of women in the hip hop industry. Topics to be covered include female MCs, video vixens, and the role of rape culture in rap music. Two special guests to be announced soon!

NU Paul’s Drag Race: A Drag Queen Make Up Tutorial
8:30pm in The McCormick Tribune Center
Co-Sponsored by Rainbow Alliance and The Gender Studies Undergraduate Board

One lucky audience member will be all dragged over by a professional drag queen, all while taking questions from the audience about the industry and the fabulous transformation process.


Tuesday, April 9

A Passionate Torah: Judaism and Sexuality with Rabbi Danya Ruttenberg
6pm in Lunt 107

What does Judaism have to say about sexual relationships of the more or even less permanent kind? What might Judaism have to offer folks who aren't ready to settle down? How might Judaism's teachings on sex surprise, and even shock us from our contemporary perspective? What does it mean to move through the world with a "Jewish sexual ethic?" Does, or can, traditional Judaism intersect with sex-positive feminism? How? This session will look at a myriad of texts that might help point us towards a way of thinking about "kosher sex" for the 21st century.

You Put What Where?! Student Panel on Queer Sexuality
7pm in University 102
Co-Sponsored by Rainbow Alliance and the LGBT Resource Center

Have questions about queer sexuality? Want to gain some information for yourself, a partner, or a friend in a safe, non-judgmental, and fun space? A panel of queer NU students answers audience questions about their experiences and opinions on sex and sexuality. 

Reclaiming Pornography One Orgasm at a Time w/ Feminist Pornographer, Madison Young
8pm in Harris 107
Co-Sponsored by The Center for Student Involvement and the Gender Studies Undergraduate Board

A Presentation and Discussion by Madison Young. Through discussion and a multimedia presentation, Madison Young (award-winning feminist pornographer, performer, educator, and writer) will facilitate a discussion about sex-positive pornography and the concept of radical pornography as a form of activism. Madison’s talk will explore the importance of archiving our sexual culture, the educational value of pornography, queer and alternative pornography as a do-it-yourself community-building tool, and the importance of celebrating sexuality amongst diverse bodies, genders, and ethnicities. She will cover topics such as empowerment and consent around submission in BDSM pornography, the dichotomy of the term “feminist pornography,” and importance of redefining porn for our culture

Wednesday, April 10

Manswers: Everything You’re Too Scared to Ask Your Girlfriend
6:30pm in Lunt 105
Co-Sponsored by SHAPE

Don’t know whether or not to wear your Crocs on your first date? Wondering whether or not take your girlfriend to Hooters for your anniversary? And what the hell do you need to use lube for? If you’ve ever pondered these questions or any others regarding the mystery that is the dating someone of the female gender, the lovely ladies of SHAPE are here to give you some guidance. A panel of beautiful sex educators will be answering all your queries on topics ranging all from first date etiquette to bedroom etiquette and everything in between. Don’t be perplexed by the female sex, SHAPE is here to ensure success!

Clit-ical Thinking: An Intimate Evening with Youtube Sensation Laci Green
8pm in Fisk 217
Co-sponsored by SHAPE

Confused about dating? Don't understand what you're supposed to do with your genitals? Feeling sexual urges, but unsure what to do about it? Are you positive you’re sex positive? Sex educator and internet phenomenon Laci Green give you the low down and answers questions on Dating in college, Relationship styles, The types of relationships you might see/experience, dating disasters and how to deal, and healthy relationship practices.

Thursday, April 11

The Talk: Having Difficult Discussions with Your Partner
4:30pm University 122
Co-Sponsored by CARE

Laura Stuart and Eva Ball from CARE give their advice on how to bring up tough topics that may occur in your relationship, including discussing exclusivity, effectively explaining what you want in bed, setting your sexual boundaries, and how to support a partner who is a survivor of sexual assault.

Rape in the Military: Screening and Discussion of Oscar-Nominated The Invisible War
6pm Swift 107
Co-Sponsored by the Gender Studies Undergraduate Board and MARS

The Invisible War documents the rape epidemic in the U.S military, and the urgent need for reform within to help end this epidemic. After the screening, there will be a discussion led by a special guest about the issues raised in the film.

Balls, LOLZ! A Night of Sexy Comedy
8pm in Harris 107

Do you always win the penis game? Do you add "in bed" to the end of your fortune cookies? Are you a connoisseur of "That's what she said" jokes? Sex is funny, and Sex Week wants to make you laugh. Come see sexy performances by student groups, including Comedy Forum, followed by a discussion with Professor Laura Kipnis, whose research interests include sex and scandal in public culture.

Friday, April 12

Hooking Up with God: Lunchtime Discussion on Christianity and Sexuality
12pm in the University Christian Ministry

Reverend Julie Windsor Michelle explains what Christianity teaches about sex and sexuality, and discusses how to have a healthy sexual relationship with your partner while maintaining a healthy faith relationship with God. Lunch will be provided.

All the Feels: Sex, Identity, & Fandom w/ Prof Maria Mastronardi & NU Fan Panelists!

6pm University Hall 122

Fandom IS--contrary to popular belief--a whole lot more than just your "Mommy's Porn". We're hosting a mixed-media + panel discussion for anyone interested in exploring the rich terrain of contemporary fandom--a contemporary cultural phenomenon that's sweeping new medias & opening doors to thinking about sex, sexuality, gender, and identity. 




