Asunto: Meeting Notes 10/9
De: Alex Yang <alexyang2015@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/9/2013 8:21 PM
Para: <NTS@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi everyone,

Here are the notes from tonight's meeting.

Training/Office hours

All the supers have office hours this year - we're going to be down in the lab so if you have any question about equipment, polices or whatever, feel free to stop by.

Here are our hours -

 Tim: Monday 2-4 PM

 Ethan: Tuesday 4-6 PM

 Bobby: Wednesday 1-3 PM

 Phoebe: Wednesday 5-7 PM

 Alex: Thursday 2-4 PM

 Christina: Friday 1-3 PM

 Mike: Saturday 12-2 PM

We're still doing group training sometime this quarter and we'll send out more info once we get it. However, we do the pamphlets in Michael's office that everyone should complete and get checked over by a super.

Sweeping/Setups

To emphasize this again, the closing shift needs to do a sweep of the entire building, making sure everything is turned off/no equipment is left out. There has been a string of robberies in Norris, and projector bulbs are not cheap, so please make sure that everything is turned off and put away at the end of the day, unless it is indicated that there it a setup for the coming day.

When you setting up room, you need to make sure that you fully set up everything and check in with the client to make sure the equipment is working to the client's standards. Do not just bring up the equipment and leave it there so the next people on shift can set it up. This will help greatly in avoiding problems with clients.

Permanent Shift Coverages:

Nelson Mon 10am-12pm
Will Fri 10am-12pm

Shift Coverages:

Irene Thurs 4-6pm ------> Ethan
Joyce Sat 2pm-4pm  -------> Ethan

Please try to transition to using Shiftplanning instead of the listserv to find shift coverages - its pretty easy and makes our lives easier. You can trade a shift by clicking the little image to the right of the shift on your dashboard in Shiftplanning.

Sunday extra techs - Alex S. 10:30-2pm, Max Z. 2pm - 6pm


Thanks,

-- 
Alex Yang
Northwestern University
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences '15
Economics
Technical Services Supervisor | Norris University Center
