Asunto: Iowa State tournament [VERY IMPORTANT]
De: Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/3/2013 8:51 AM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi Everybody,

If you are interested in going to the Iowa State Tournament, the following e-mail is very important to you.  If you are not, then you can stop reading, and I apologize for the spam.

This e-mail will contain the following things and dates that are necessary for you to go to Iowa State.  First off, let me know if you are going to Iowa State, which is going to be from Friday afternoon (October 18th to Saturday night (October 19th).  The list thus far is 

Alex (myself)
Allan
Young
Eric
Ji-Hoon
Lisa
Davin (strong maybe)
Rui
Vicky (maybe)
Natalie (maybe)

If you are going go from a maybe to definite, let me know too.  I am pretty much going to set in stone the people who are going by Friday afternoon.  Which means, if you have not indicated that you are going, and tell me you want to go on Monday or some other later date, you will have to figure it out on your own.  

Ok, so this is the next most important thing I we need to figure out ASAP.  Rides!  If we want to rent a van from the university, we need 3 certified drivers.  I just got my driving certification updated so thats 1.  But we need two more people to take the defensiver drivers certification from the office of risk management and the sports club written test.  Both of which are pretty straightforward, but can be time consuming (1.5 hours for the defensive driving course, and 1 hour for the sports department written test).  SO, I need to know who is a certified driver (Ji-Hoon?!?!?!) and who can become a certified driver.  I suggest that Davin, Natalie, and Young, eventually get there drivers certification as they will be with the club for some time, and there will be future TKD events.  I need to know by tomorrow afternoon who is going to get their drivers certification.  And if you are going to get drivers certification, you need to do so by Wednesday October 9th.

Ok, the next thing that's important is registering for the event.  By Wednesday October 9th I want everybody's application packet filled out with checks for payment.  If you don't do this by October 9th, you will have to mail the form on your own, or pay a late fee if you register at the event.  If you are spectating only, you do not need to worry about registering (but kindly let me know, so I won't harass you about registering).  The cost is $60 to compete in forms and sparring.

The next thing I need to know is people's class schedule on Friday.  We will leave based on who's class ends at the latest time.  So far I know that Natalie's class ends at 3pm, if anybody has a class that ends later than 3pm, please let me know.

I will take care of things like booking the hotel and the van.  But I have summarized the things that you need to do.

Summary
October 4th - Let me know if you are going.  And who is going to be defensive drivers certified.  And when does your last class on Friday end.
October 9th - Hand in registration packets with money.  Certified Drivers need to be certified.

After the following things are completed, I will notify everybody as to where we stand and details regarding actually going to Iowa State.  

Please respond ASAP to my requests if you are planning on going.  

-- 
Alex Peroff

Adjuntos:
2013 ISU Championship Packet.pdf	231 KB