Asunto: Re: Scheduling
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 5/16/2013 6:55 AM
Para: Jennifer Younker Cole <jennifer-cole@northwestern.edu>

Professor,

I am available from ten to eleven. I will see you then.

Best,
Ethan

El jueves, 16 de mayo de 2013, Jennifer Younker Cole escribió:

    Dear Ethan, 

    I have Friday 10-11am or 3:30-4:30pm.  We need about 20 minutes to discuss your study plan.  Would one of these windows work for you?  My office is E178. 

    Best regards, 

    Prof. Cole


    On Thu, May 16, 2013 at 5:04 AM, Ethan Christopher Robison <EthanRobison2016@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

        Hello Professor Cole,

        Hopefully this will not turn out to be a great inconvenience for you, but I have not managed to contact Professor You. You mentioned that you might be available to meet with me some time today or tomorrow. What times are convenient for you, and where should I head to find you? Thank you very much for your patience with this.

        Best, Ethan

        El martes, 14 de mayo de 2013, Jennifer Younker Cole escribió:

            Dear Ethan, 

            Advising week was last week, and Prof. You had a doodle poll to schedule his meetings.  I know that Prof. You is out of town right now, but he should be back later this week.  If you aren't able to get an appointment with him, let me know by Thursday.  I do have a small amount of time on Thursday afternoon or Friday that I could meet with you.  

            Best regards, 

            Prof. Cole



            On Mon, May 13, 2013 at 6:22 PM, Ethan Christopher Robison <EthanRobison2016@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

                Hello Jennifer,

                My name is Ethan Robison, and I am a freshman in McCormick. Unfortunately, there has been a snafu with meeting with my scheduling advisor. I have not been able to contact him regarding my fall quarter schedule. My advisor is Fengqi You, and given the proximate opening of registration, I would like to meet with an advisor as soon as possible.

                Do you have any advice regarding this situation? If there is any information that I can provide to you, please let me know. Additionally, if I should contact anyone besides you (I have already emailed Professor You), please let me know as well.

                Thank you for your patience.

                Best,
                Ethan Robison



