Asunto: Re: 2013 Contemporary Thought Speaker Series - "What is the Meaning of Education, and the Responsibility of the Educated of Northwestern?"
De: Kyle Tsai <kyletsai2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/15/2013 7:59 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everyone, here are some great opportunities to engage your minds! Tickets are free but you may reserve seats through the Norris box office!

Tl;dr version:

Wendy Kopp – Founder & Board Chair of Teach For America, CEO of Teach For All  
Topic: "Can you learn leadership?"
April 17, 2013 – 4pm in the Owen L. Coon Forum, Leverone Hall


Damon Horowitz – Professor of Philosophy/ Tech Entrepreneur   
Topic: "How disruptive technology has affected universities"
April 30, 2013 – 6pm in Ryan Family Auditorium, Tech


George Saunders – Professor/Author of NYT Best Selling Short Stories and Essays, MacArthur Fellow  
Topic: "Tenth of December" 
May 6, 2013 – 6pm in Harris Hall, Rm 107


On Mon, Apr 15, 2013 at 7:55 PM, Burgwell J. Howard <b-howard@northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Dear Northwestern Student,

    I write to you to share the announcement of the 2013 Contemporary Thought Speaker Series, which is building upon last year's incredibly successful visit with Harvard psychologist and noted public intellectual, Stephen Pinker. The Contemporary Thought Speaker Series grew out of an undergraduate initiative to create a large-scale lecture series focusing on issues of wide interest to students and to unite the Northwestern academic community in a conversation that transcends schools, disciplines and majors.

    In fact, the series revives a Contemporary Thought speakers tradition going back nearly a century to the 1920s and 1930s, when Professor Baker Brownell taught a course on that topic and brought noted speakers to campus -- ranging from Frank Lloyd Wright, Clarence Darrow, Jane Addams and Harriet Monroe to Carl Sandburg, Bertrand Russell, Henry Wallace and W.E.B. Du Bois to name a few--to pose big questions of lasting social and moral importance to the student body. Through these lectures, Brownell wanted to spark conversation about the meaning of education, the responsibilities of the educated class, and the Northwestern's moral identity in a quickly-changing world.

    The series was re-instated last year when the Offices of the President, the Provost, and the Division of Student Affairs agreed to support this undergraduate initiative to revive the series and engage the community. The goal is to, once again, present the ideas of nationally known intellectuals on campus and spark meaningful discussions on topics at the heart of education today. We are fortunate to have three wonderful speakers visiting campus this Spring.

    The three speakers for this year's series are:

    Wendy Kopp – Founder & Board Chair of Teach For America, CEO of Teach For All
    April 17, 2013 – 4pm in the Owen L. Coon Forum, Leverone Hall


    Damon Horowitz – Professor of Philosophy/ Tech Entrepreneur
    April 30, 2013 – 6pm in Ryan Family Auditorium, Tech


    George Saunders – Professor/Author of NYT Best Selling Short Stories and Essays, MacArthur Fellow
    May 6, 2013 – 6pm in Harris Hall, Rm 107


    Teach For America founder, Wendy Kopp, will kick off the series with a talk that poses the question "Can you learn leadership?".  She will be followed in subsequent weeks by Damon Horowitz, director of engineering and in-house philosopher at Google, who will be addressing issues related to "How disruptive technology has affected universities?" The last event, scheduled for May 6, will feature George Saunders, whose collection of stories "Tenth of December" hit second on The New York Times best-seller list.

    We hope that these talks, and the important social, philosophical and political questions they will raise, will appeal to Northwestern students and faculty across the schools--arts and humanities, social sciences, and applied sciences.

    The lectures will all be FREE, however, we ask that attendees reserve a seat through the Norris Box office online. Tickets for Wendy Kopp are currently available for reservation, and tickets for both Damon Horowitz and George Saunders will be available for reservation on Tuesday, April 16, at 9:00am.

    We invite you to join us in these conversation about the meaning of education, the responsibilities of the educated class, and Northwestern's moral identity in a rapidly-changing world.

    FMI: www.nuctss.org

    Facebook: www.facebook.com/nuCTSS
    Twitter: @nuCTSS
    Northwestern News article: http://www.northwestern.edu/newscenter/stories/2013/04/contemporary-thought-lecture-series-begins-april-17.html



    Sincerely,

    Burgie Howard

    on behalf of the
    Contemporary Thought Steering Committee

    Neal Blair
    Chase Eck
    Ellie Graham
    Nathan Hedman
    Eliza Helm
    Burgwell Howard
    Rebecca Johnson
    Logan Koepke
    Kevin Leonard
    Gregory Light
    Robinson Meyer
    Gary Saul Morson
    Rosalind Mowitt
    Wendy Pearlman
    Patricia Telles-Irvin
    Alexander Waldman
    Tori Zuzelo


