Asunto: MLK Day philanthropy events
De: Emily Kaht <emilykaht2013@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/13/2013 8:06 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everyone!
 
Here is the information for the two MLK Day events I talked about at open exec.  You will get philanthropy points for doing either of these events, but more importantly, you will be providing valuable volunteer work in honor of Martin Luther King, Jr.  As of right now, we are still working on putting together an ISRC team for NU's Annual MLK Day of Service, and we will keep you posted on that.
 
Project YES! 6th Annual MLK Jr. Day Literacy Fair
Why take the day off, when you can have a day ON?
This MLK Jr. Day, come join AmeriCorps Project YES! for a National Day of Service! We need adult volunteers (18+) to help create and implement a dreamy literacy fair for children and families of Chicago’s West Town community.
For one magical afternoon, you can help provide the children with fun and educational activities, such as arts & crafts, poetry writing, reading games, and many more! In addition, lend a hand in providing resources to promote literacy for the entire family.
We have a DREAM that all children will be able to read and succeed in school. Help us make that dream a reality! Join us as we honor Dr. King’s legacy for our 6th Annual Literacy Fair.

When:
January 21, 2013
1:00p.m.-6:00p.m.
Where:
Northwestern Settlement
1012 N. Noble Street
Chicago, IL

For more information regarding the event or to register to volunteer, please contact: Claire Unger at cunger@nush.org or (773) 969-5539 .
You can also register at: http://www.123contactform.com/form-438748/Martin-Luther-King-Jr-Day-Literacy-Fair

We hope to see you there!

Northwestern's annual MLK day of service

You can volunteer with a group or individually. Since everyone has the day off, this would be a great way to give back and bond with your Northwestern peers! Need another incentive? Breakfast and lunch is included! The event is January 21st from 9am-2pm so tell your friends and sign up at: http://www.norris.northwestern.edu/csi/community/

All you need to bring is a good attitude, a smile, and an appetite! Please contact me if you have any further questions at (847)491-2350 orjessica.chiu@northwestern.edu. Thanks, and I look forward to seeing you all there!

 
