Asunto: Please vote for next year's Exec Board!
De: Hannah Lin <hannahlin2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/17/2013 6:12 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

The form below is the electronic ballot for the 2013-2014 ISRC Exec Board.

We need 2/3 of the dorm to vote in order for the election to count. 

This will only take a few minutes of your time! 

You have 24 hours to vote. The ballot will close tomorrow, February 18th, at 8:30 p.m.

Let me know if you have any questions. Thank you!

If you have trouble viewing or submitting this form, you can fill it out online: 
https://docs.google.com/a/u.northwestern.edu/forms/d/1RU7WsEOM_saqioIrHDN9-Z669mvyOLTwcZLdr_a4Ocg/viewform?sid=4834deee68629656&token=Xt4N6zwBAAA.MP3O37PRbSvdLWzi9b4yiA.6Spd2uXaQ6hF0EKTzUp-nA

2013-2014 Exec Board Elections

Please note that we are collecting your @u.northwestern.edu username to ensure one vote per resident. All identifying information associated with your vote will be removed during the tallying process.

Multiple ballots from the same person will be disqualified, although we will be considerate of accidental double clicks.
Your u.northwestern.edu username will be recorded when you submit this form.
President *
I want to be the ISRC President because I like working and communicating with people. I like to be involved in the campus community; I like to know I'm having an impact. Being a transfer student, I want to give back to the dorm that really helped me to have an easy transition process from one university to another. I have a good work ethic and I care about the responsibilities that I take on. I want to be able to make sure that ISRC runs as smoothly and efficiently as possible, that people enjoy living here, and that they feel comfortable; this should be a community, not just a dorm. - Nathan

     Nathan Lamp
     No confidence

Vice President *
I would like to be vice-president of ISRC because I want to help run the administrative aspects of the dorm, such as housing, points, and elections. I want to actively give back to ISRC, a place which gives me much joy. - Thomas

     Thomas Lee
     No confidence

Academic Chair *
I'm running for the position of academic chair to be a bigger part of ISRC, and to get to know more residents and fellows this year and next year. After experiencing the great job that the Exec board is doing this year, I want to help pass that along to new residents next year. For me, the most exciting part of academic chair is leading IFN every week. - Kyle

     Kyle Tsai
     No confidence

Social Chair *
I want to be Social Chair because socials are one of the best things about living in a Residential College. For an extremely subsidized price, you are able to visit somewhere new, eat some interesting food, and meet people that you otherwise just see in the hall. I want to work to continue this for the remainder of this year and into the next when half the dorm will be filled with strangers again. - Jonas

     Jonas Carlsson
     No confidence

Treasurer *
I’m running to be ISRC’s Treasurer as I feel that as the primary individual in charge of money management, I can rework ISRC’s budget to improve many aspects of ISRC, aspects such as its social scene, living conditions, and general events. I want to improve the state of ISRC to make it more attractive and comfortable for its residents. - Victor

     Victor Wang
     No confidence

Fellows Chair *
The fellows of this residential college are an intelligent, kind, and colorful bunch of people that I have been very fortunate to meet. In running for Fellows Chair, I wanted to get to better know more of the wonderful fellows we have and at the same time get involved with ISRC to a greater degree as well. - Chang

     Chang Tang
     No confidence

Alumni Chair *
Living in ISRC has been one of the best experiences of my freshman year. As a result, I am eager to give back to ISRC a bit next year, and feel that the best way to do this is to run for exec board. As the alumni chair, I would have the opportunity to interact with many interesting people who have lived here in the past before going on to exciting careers and lives. I would also be excited to help bring some of them back to ISRC for various events, giving all residents the chance to meet and talk to these interesting people. - Will

     William Garrison
     No confidence

Tech Chair *
I want to be Tech chair for ISRC because I feel that I have a good grasp on most technologies, and am dedicated to keeping them running. It drives me nuts when technology doesn't work, and I make it a top priority to get it working again. As for my applicable credentials: I have set up the surround sound system and the basement TV on numerous occasions, as well as the main lounge TV! - Eric

     Eric Morales
     No confidence

Powered by Google Drive
This form was created inside of @u.northwestern.edu. 
Report Abuse - Terms of Service - Additional Terms
