Asunto: IMPORTANT: 2013-2014 Northwestern Financial Aid Award Notice
De: undergradaid@u.northwestern.edu
Fecha: 6/21/2013 1:52 PM
Para: EthanRobison2016@u.northwestern.edu

Dear Ethan Christopher Robison:

Your official 2013-2014 Financial Aid Award has been processed and will be available online after 6pm (CST).  You will need to respond to the award via CAESAR using your Northwestern University net id and password.  Please follow the steps below to accept, decline or reduce your offered financial aid. 

 

ACCEPT, DECLINE OR REDUCE AID OFFER
Log into CAESAR (www.northwestern.edu/caesar/) and navigate to: For Students > Financial Services > Accept/Decline Financial Aid, Select Aid Year 2014 . 

You will need to accept, decline or reduce any 'offered' loan(s) or work-study amounts. Scholarships and grants offered on the award will be accepted and processed for you.  If you are receiving any other aid (e.g. outside scholarships or grants) that is not listed on your award, please email our office at undergradaid@u.northwestern.edu with your name, ID number and the award name, type and amount.

IMPORTANT: Once you have submitted your award be sure to check your To Do list for any outstanding items necessary for processing your aid.

PRINT FINANCIAL AID AWARD LETTER
If you would like to print out a copy of your award letter for your records which includes budget and family contribution, please navigate to:
     * For Students > Financial Services > View My Financial Aid
     * Select Aid Year 2014  
     * Click on Print Award Letter
     * Click Generate Award Letter
     * You will receive a message, 'please wait while Award Letter is being generated'
     * This should take approximately 30 seconds
     * Click 'Award Letter' to view the document
 
If you have any questions about this award or in general about Northwestern's aid program, feel free to visit, call or e-mail the Office of Undergraduate Financial Aid.

Undergraduate Office of Financial Aid
1801 Hinman Avenue, 2nd Floor
Evanston, IL 60208
(847)491-7400
undergradaid@u.northwestern.edu


Notice to State of IL Residents:
By applying for financial aid and agreeing to share that information with the Illinois Student Assistance Commission (ISAC) you have been considered for the State of Illinois (IL) Monetary Award Program (MAP) Grant. If you were determined to meet the eligibility criteria for the MAP grant, an award is included on this award letter. This award may be an estimate made by the financial aid office and, if so, is identified as a "State of IL MAP Grant (Est)". MAP grants are limited based on the number of applicants and funding levels appropriated by the Illinois General Assembly. Please be aware that in light of state funding constraints, reductions to estimated or actual MAP grants are possible.   
Eligibility for a MAP grant is tracked by the equivalent number of semester credit hours of MAP benefits paid on your behalf. This is called MAP Paid Credit Hours. Payment for each term is being made according to the equivalent number of credit hours eligible for MAP payment, with a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 15 MAP Paid Credit Hours.  
There is a limit on the number of MAP Paid Credit Hours that can be paid while you are classified by your school as a freshman and sophomore. This limit is the equivalent of 75 MAP Paid Credit Hours. If this maximum is reached, you must attain junior status for your MAP grant eligibility to resume. The maximum number of MAP Paid Credit Hours that can be received is capped at 135. If a State of IL MAP Grant (Est) is not included in your award letter, you are not eligible for the grant at Northwestern University.


Note:  All figures are subject to change without further notice.  Northwestern University retains the right to correct any errors, make any necessary revisions, or decline to offer an award of financial aid based upon changes in registration, and/or new or conflicting information which impacts financial aid eligibility.

