Asunto: Read if You Like SUSHI, DESSERTS, MUSEUMS, OR ZOO i.e. Fun and Procrastination - Reading Week Socials
De: Jonas Carlsson <jonascarlsson2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/25/2013 6:10 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey ISRC,

Glad you decided what I have to say is important. It's been a while since you heard from me. Now, I have three things to say at once, so pay attention. During reading week, ISRC is having four socials. In addition to two plain ol' socials. We have both an Academic and a Fellows Social. Because a lot of people don't read paragraphs, I'm going to list all four socials below. It's like Buzzfeed, but without GIFs.


Todoroki Social - FREE SUSHI
-- It's an ISRC Tradition to pig out at Todoroki during reading week. I heard somewhere that fish is a "brain food." Don't know what that means, but maybe take a break from studying next Tuesday, December 3rd at Noon to test the limits of "All You Can Eat." 25 Spots

Field Museum - Special Tour + Food at a Restaurant
-- Our very own Associate Master Erin Waxenbaum has arranged a special visit on Thursday, December from 12:30-7:30pm with a presentation by her colleague Dr. Robert Martin. I can't see how this won't be awesome; did you hear what her job is? Yeah, Forensic Anthropology. After the museum we'll eat in a nearby restaurant TBD, where you'll have $15-$18 (maybe more) meal covered. 8 Spots

Middle Eastern Desserts - Meet the Fellows and Eat Chang's Delicious Food
-- Next Friday, December 6th at Noon come eat lunch at Hinman, talk to fellows, and then return to ISRC to have baklava, Persian ice cream, and other treats. It's tasty and easy, how could you pass it up? Plus, if you help with prep, you can get a service point. ∞ Spots

Zoo Lights - a.k.a Lights at the Zoo + Aguas Tortas
-- One of our last events of reading week will be trip to the Lincoln Park Zoo on Saturday, December 7th from 5:00-8:30pm. We'll provide food from Aguas Tortas beforehand and be back in time for early bedtime before a long day of studying :) 15 Spots

Do you want to go on one of these socials? If so, you'll want to reply to an email that will be sent out at a prespecified time. Those times are listed below.

Todoroki 
1st email - 10 spots at 12:05pm tomorrow
2nd email - 10 spots at 10:36pm Wednesday
All other spots will be filled by a lottery of responders who didn't make it.

Field Museum
One email - 8 spots at 8:05pm tomorrow

Zoo Lights
One email - 10 spots at 11:56am Wednesday
All other spots will be filled by a lottery of responders, who didn't make the cut. 

Congratulations! You made it through this extensive email. I'm sure your tenacity will be rewarded. If your friends weren't able to persevere, why don't you give them a brief, yet informative summary, so that they don't miss out.

Best Wishes,
Jonas, your Social Chair

