Asunto: It's time...to apply to be a 2013 Peer Adviser!
De: Joshua N. McKenzie (Wildcat Welcome) <wildcatwelcome@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/4/2013 12:58 PM
Para: Ethan <EthanRobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>

It's time...to apply to be a 2013 Peer Adviser!
Apply to be a 2013 Peer Adviser...it's totes awesome.
View this email in your browser
It's your turn, Ethan!
The Class of 2017 is counting on you.
 
Apply to be a 2013 Peer Adviser! We're looking for students in all six schools, freshmen, sophomores, juniors. transfers, introverts, extroverts...even people whose fave color isn't purple. Ya know that saying "It takes a village"? That's true for Wildcat Welcome. There isn't one single type of PA, you just have to be a NU student...which makes you the perfect candidate (loving NU wouldn't hurt, either)!

    Watch our video (Oscar worthy)
    Apply online (Feb. 4-18)
    Visit a Call Out session (required for applicants); dates below
    Like us on Facebook and join the contest
    (Potential applicants: a pretty big prize is involved!)

You may ask, "Why would I want to do that?" To that, I say great question, thank you for asking. It is absolutely true that Peer Advisers are some of the most influential leaders at Northwestern. It is a position in which you must be able to balance organization, interpersonal skills, problem solving, and group dynamics...
...while having a fantastic time. Peer Advisers have the opportunity to create an even better Northwestern for the new students...can you create that phenomenal welcoming environment while helping new students transition to NU life?

"By far the best thing I have done at Northwestern!" -2012 PA (Senior)
Apply Now
Learn a bit more at a Call Out Session (mandatory for applicants):
Feb 5: 7 p.m. (Harris 107)
Feb 7: 5 p.m. (Tech LR3)
Feb 11: 8 p.m. (Harris 107)
Feb 13: 6 p.m. (Harris 107)
Feb 15: 4 p.m. (Tech LR2)
Join the Facebook contest.
Using status updates, photos, songs, haikus, Buzzfeed posts, etc., answer the question "Why do you want to Apply to be a 2013 Peer Adviser?" and tag the Page. Each tag enters you to win a pretty huge NU Swag Bag. A prize will also be given to the owner of the most creative. Let's just say, if you are applying...you'll want to win this prize. Find out what it is at the Call Out!
Contest ends Feb 18.
	Facebook
	Twitter
	Website
	Email
Questions? Contact us at wildcatwelcome@u.northwestern.edu






Sent to EthanRobison2016@u.northwestern.edu — why did I get this?
unsubscribe from this list | update subscription preferences
Northwestern University · 600 Haven St · Evanston, IL 60208 	
