Asunto: XRC trip to theatre is now FREE!
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/14/2013 10:04 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi guys,

You know that XRC trip to see a sexy play I emailed you about last week? It turns out, the man is paying the bill, so the play is free of charge (if you already paid, I will refund you), and we have a few extra tickets. 

Here is the description, in case you forgot: 

Friday, January 18th, 6-10pm Concerning Strange Devices from the Distant West  by Naomi Iizuka at Timeline Theater  

Subsidized price: $15


This sexy, multi-faceted puzzle of a play travels from East to West and across time, exploring provocative themes in both epic scope and human scale. In the 1880s, a Victorian woman visiting Japan is fascinated by a new invention — the camera — that allows people to own images of distant lands they never dreamed they would be able to see. In modern-day Tokyo, a collector navigates shifting relationships in search of physical memories of the past. Along the way we gaze as if through a lens at the mysterious intersection of art and authenticity, where very little is what it appeared to be.

If you'd like to go, email me ASAP!

PS: if you want to go bowling/bocce with us on Saturday (yep, you're stuck with me, and I cannot bowl without bumpers, so we'll see how that goes), one ticket just opened up. Email me if you want it! ($10). 

Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC
Northwestern University


On Wed, Jan 9, 2013 at 12:06 PM, Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hello ISRCers!

    We've got two XRC trips to kick off the quarter!

    Cross-college (XRC) trips are for Res College residents only, and they are arranged by Nancy Anderson, director of Residential Life.  We have 4 or 5 each quarter, and the Master Staff of ISRC subsidizes the ticket prices so that they are more affordable, and therefore much more tempting!  The Res Colleges provide transportation, and Fellows or Master staff attend the events, so you can get a chance to meet them, as well. 


    The Events:
     

    Friday, January 18th, 6-10pm Concerning Strange Devices from the Distant West  by Naomi Iizuka at Timeline Theater  

    Subsidized price: $15


    This sexy, multi-faceted puzzle of a play travels from East to West and across time, exploring provocative themes in both epic scope and human scale. In the 1880s, a Victorian woman visiting Japan is fascinated by a new invention — the camera — that allows people to own images of distant lands they never dreamed they would be able to see. In modern-day Tokyo, a collector navigates shifting relationships in search of physical memories of the past. Along the way we gaze as if through a lens at the mysterious intersection of art and authenticity, where very little is what it appears to be.


    Saturday, January 19th, 3:30-7:15pm Swanky Bowling at Pinstripes in Northbrook

    Subsidized price: $10

     

    Chicago has a trend of upscale, swanky bowling alleys. Unlike most, this one doesn't feel like a club, but like an old school Italian hangout with Bocce ball, bowling, and lots of delicious Italian foods. You won't find blacklights or nacho cheese here. Head to Pinstripes to meet students and fellows from other RCs, or just to remind the other RCs that ISRC is boss. 

     
    If you are interested in going on this trip, here is what you should do!

        Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
        Email me by this FRIDAY (the 11th) if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
        Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Monday, January 14th (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
        If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
        Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


    The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

    You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

    I hope you all take this opportunity at least once per quarter! 
    I look forward to hearing from you, and have a great weekend!


    Best,

    Cheryl 
    Your Illustrious Assistant Master

    P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 


