Asunto: Fwd: Turkey Taxi: Who, What, When, Where, etc!
De: Ayla Goktan <aylagoktan2012@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/19/2013 11:29 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello, lovely ISRCers!

Nathan sent out the Turkey Taxi info about a week ago, but here it is again. Turkey Taxi is this Sunday (11/24/13) from 11-2 in Norris!!! The details are below, but it basically consists of making Thanksgiving cards, decorating bags and filling them with food to donate to families for their Thanksgiving dinners. EMAIL ME if you want to participate! I need one to two people to volunteer to go to Jewel Osco to buy $50 worth of food (money will be provided or reimbursed, I'm not sure which) at a time TBA. And there's no limit to the number of people who can come to Norris and help put the bagged dinners together and make cards. Let me know which part(s) you want to participate in! Thanks so much!

ISRC-love,
Ayla

TURKEY TAXI FAQ

WHO? All of you lovely humans that are members of Residential Colleges are invited to participate. The recipients are families in Evanston who would not otherwise be able to buy/provide for a thanksgiving dinner.
WHAT?: This is a Turkey Taxi. We're gonna build these.
NO, SERIOUSLY. WHAT? 1-2 representatives of each residential college are going to go down to Jewel Osco. They're going to spend $50 on food items that go in a Thanksgiving dinner. In the meanwhile, anyone who wants to come will meet up to decorate paper bags and make some cards wishing happy holidays to the families. The grocery-shoppers will come back and help fill each bag with their purchases. At the end, we'll deliver the packed up bags of food and good feelings to Family Focus, who will distribute those bagged dinners to the people that need them.
WHEN?: Sunday, November 24th.  Shoppers will meet as specified parking lots and at particular times, TBA. For decorators, please drop in and join us between 11 am - 2 pm at
WHERE?: The Lake Room at Norris!
WHY?: Honestly, because the people who will be receiving these dinners will appreciate it so much. And because you're good people. And because Thanksgiving. 

Please email your Philanthropy Chairs to sign up to go shopping or to come decorate!



-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University, Class of 2015
School of Communication: Performance Studies
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences: Biological Anthropology, Slavic Studies (minor)
International Studies Residential College, President
Theatre and Interpretation Center, Lab Theater Aide
Wildcat Welcome 2013, Peer Adviser
Spectrum Theatre Company, Special Events Director



