Asunto: Fwd: Current Design Plans
De: Mitchell Zubieta <mitchellzubieta2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 5/23/2013 6:49 PM
Para: patrickpeng2016@u.northwestern.edu, Jonas Carlsson <jonascarlsson2016@u.northwestern.edu>, ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu, Evan McConnell <evanmcconnell2016@u.northwestern.edu>


Guys, this is why we put up with all the shit.


---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: martinezbrian94 <martinezbrian94@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, May 23, 2013 at 7:26 PM
Subject: RE: Current Design Plans
To: mitchellzubieta2016@u.northwestern.edu


Wow, great work guys. My preference would be to have the button rather than having it turn me every hour. 
Keep up the great work!



Sent from Samsung tablet

Mitchell Zubieta <mitchellzubieta2016@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:
Brian,

We have been working a lot on creating a design that will best fit your needs. Unfortunately, after tests and consideration of your abilities, we have determined that none of the designs that we presented to you last time we met are able to meet your requirements. Therefore, we have created a new design, this time using a motor.
    The design in concept is to have a motor and axle underneath your bed, with either ropes or a belt attached to a supported harness on your waist. The motor should be able to provide enough leverage to move your waist, and therefore, your whole body to the side. Included are pictures that show the design (albeit in an unprofessional drawing). We don't think that we will have time to meet with you before the design fair, as we only have two weeks to finish construction of the product.
     We have done tests on ourselves and believe that this will be able to help you most out of all of the designs we have considered. For a specific question, we were wondering, would it be more beneficial to you to have the motor be operated manually with a button, or have it automatically move you over each hour? We believe that we would be able to program it, but do you believe that this would disturb you more than a manual button press?

Thanks,
Team 3

 
-- 
Mitchell Zubieta
mitchellzubieta2016@u.northwestern.edu
Northwestern University
McCormick School of Engineering | Class of 2016
Chemical Engineering



-- 
Mitchell Zubieta
mitchellzubieta2016@u.northwestern.edu
Northwestern University
McCormick School of Engineering | Class of 2016
Chemical Engineering
