Asunto: XRC Trips: Fancy Dinner trip and Julius Caesar play
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/23/2013 8:18 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello ISRCers!

We've got some seriously great XRC trips this quarter, and I've got two more sets of tickets! This time, we'll be setting out to Kendall College, a culinary arts school, for some fancy dining, and to the renowned Chicago Shakespeare Theater, to see Julius Caesar. Both events include door to door transportation, and are heavily discounted!

Cross-college (XRC) trips are for Res College residents only, and they are arranged by Nancy Anderson, director of Residential Life.  We have 4 or 5 each quarter, and the Master Staff of ISRC subsidizes the ticket prices so that they are more affordable, and therefore much more tempting!  The Res Colleges provide transportation, and Fellows or Master staff attend the events, so you can get a chance to meet them, as well. 

The Events:
 

ONE: Wednesday, Feb 6,  The Dining Room at Kendall College, 5:15 – 8:45 PM

Subsidized price:  $10

 

The Dining Room at Kendall College: Experience contemporary and exquisite dining on the Kendall College campus with extraordinary views of the city skyline. Culinary Arts students prepare and serve lunch and dinner five days a week, under the supervision of Beverly Kim from Top Chef (this quarter only!). They also work behind a glass wall, so you can watch them cook!  It's so tasty, they're recommended in The MICHELIN Guide Chicago Restaurants 2012. They've also been recognized and highly rated by Zagat Survey 2011/12 and received numerous accolades by respected Chicago food critics from the Sun Times and Check Please! The Dining Room at Kendall College is also committed to sustainability. Kendall is the first culinary school in the U.S. to receive Certified Green Restaurant status from the Green Restaurant Association, and the menu is seasonal, taking advantage of their very own herb and vegetable garden as well as fresh ingredients from the nearby Green City Market.  See the menu, and choose an entree before RSVPing.


Menu for Kendall College Dinner: 
First Course:

Cavolo nero  “Caesar” salad

cashew-miso dressing, kale, black garlic, black peppercorn, cured egg
Entrée options (Choose one):
Pan seared striped bass, lemongrass coconut broth, honshemeji, sweet potato

Or -  

Red curry beef short rib, jasmine rice, apple kimchi, sweet and spicy peanuts
Or - 
Potato samosas with vindaloo sauce, spicy peanuts, and napa cabbage. 
Desserts options may include the following (served family style for sampling): 

Grapefruit & Earl Grey

Earl grey frozen parfait, grapefruit sorbet, sage vacherin, citrus terrine, tangerine syllabub

Coffee & Cream

Vietnamese coffee semifreddo, espresso chicory veil, homemade mascarpone cream, caramelized banana

 Chocolate & Chestnut

Dark chocolate mousse, chestnut cream, chocolate chestnut cake, prune Armagnac ice cream sandwich

 

TWO: Friday, Feb 8,  Julius Caesar at Chicago Shakespeare Theater at Navy Pier, 6 – 10:30 PM

Subsidized price: $10


If you haven't been to the Chicago Shakespeare Theater at Navy Pier, you have to go. The inside is modeled after The Globe Theater, and it's gorgeous. And what better play to see there than this contemporary adaptation of Julius Caesar? Acclaimed British director Jonathan Munby, whose work has graced the stages of the Royal Shakespeare Company and Shakespeare's Globe, uses the fractured political landscape of present-day Washington as a backdrop—drawing current events into eerily sharp focus. When men feel they can no longer trust their elected leader and when financial might dictates the rules of the game, where is the line between patriotism and personal ambition?


If you are interested in going on these trips, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
    Email me by this SATURDAY (the 26th) if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. If you want to go to the dinner, tell me your entree preference
    Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Monday, January 28th (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
    If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

I hope you all take this opportunity at least once per quarter! 
I look forward to hearing from you, and have a great weekend!


Best,

Cheryl 
Your Illustrious Assistant Master

P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 


