Asunto: [Senate] ASG Weekly | February 8, 2013
De: Sarah Bridgewaters <sarahbridgewaters2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/9/2013 4:03 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>



	
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Senate Recap
	

•
		

Student Group Senate positions for 2013-2014 open for application
	

•
		

Financial, Student Group VP application deadline extended
	

•
		

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision
	

•
		

Student Activities Scholarship Fund (SASF)
	

•
		

'Cats Care: Project Sandy, Buy Your Shirt Today!

Senator Spotlight

Rebecca Scheiber, Senator for College Republicans

For her leadership, initiative, and active presence in Senate over the past few weeks. 

ASG In The News

ASG passes legislation supporting gun control, divestment from fossil fuels
The Daily Northwestern

ASG Sentate approves gun resolution
North by Northwestern

ASG members propose bill for creation of gun control committee and endorsement of divestment from coal industry
The Daily Northwestern

ASG tables coal industry divestment resolution
North by Northwestern

ASG Extends Superstorm Sandy Fundraising Efforts
The Daily Northwestern

 
		
	

Senate Recap

On Wednesday, Senate selected members of an ad-hoc committee tasked with drafting a letter to the US government exhorting action on gun regulation. The committee will also seek the support of universities in Chicagoland and across the country.

Senators Petros Karahalios, Alexander Deitchman, and Joshua Crowder, as well as ASG committee member Emily Schraudenbach and Executive Vice-President Brad Stewart, will serve on the committee. Steven Monacelli, the vice-president for community relations, will chair the ad-hoc.

Next Wednesday, Senate will consider a resolution supporting the Brady Scholars Senior Project: a hoop house on campus. 

Student Group Senate positions for 2013-2014 open for application

The Student Group Apportionment application is due February 27.

Groups looking to retain their Senate seats must re-apply, and the application is open to any Northwestern student group (including non-ASG recognized groups). Groups may apply for a Senate position individually or as part of a coalition.

For further information, contact ASG Chief of Staff Carly Blumenfeld.

Financial, Student Group VP application deadline extended

Applications for the Financial Vice-President and Student Group Vice-President positions are now due by noon on Sunday, Feb. 17.

Email Student Groups VP Lauren Masterson or Financial VP Girish Pendse for more information or details on the positions. Job descriptions may also be found in the ASG Handbook.

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision

Have you checked out Campus Voice yet? Using this online forum, students are able to express themselves by submitting ideas, problems, or questions about Northwestern student life! Giving ASG and the administration feedback about your concerns has never been easier!

Once you log in with their NetID, you will be able to make suggestions for campus improvements. Other students can then vote and comment on your ideas.

ASG representatives will explore every suggestion. We will then track each project’s progress on the website, keeping you informed every step along the way.

Visit campusvoice.northwestern.edu and start posting today!

Student Activities Scholarship Fund (SASF)

The SASF application for Winter Quarter is now available on Wildcat Connection under the CSI Documents page.

This form has been updated for winter quarter. The deadline for applications is February 15th.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Natalie Furlett, Associate Director of the Norris Center for Student Involvement. 

'Cats Care: Project Sandy, Buy Your Shirt Today!
	
	

'Cats Care t-shirts are now on sale with all proceeds benefitting Project Sandy, ASG's fundraising campaign to raise money for Hurricane Sandy relief.

We encourage the entire campus to come together in raising money for relief efforts as many members of the Northwestern community have been affected by Hurricane Sandy.

Donations can be made online. For more information about buying t-shirts, please contact ASG President Victor Shao.
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews


		

	
				


Sustainability Petition

Subject: Help Make Northwestern a Global Leader in Sustainability [feel free to add/change this subject as you see fit! For example: Sigma Chi! Sign this petition to...]

Go ahead and add a personal touch here, about how you personally support this as a member of ASG, etc. 

Dear Northwestern Community [and/or your listserv/constituents/alumni]
Our university has a tradition of global leadership in research, education, and public service. Climate change is a defining challenge of this century that we must confront together. Today, Northwestern has the opportunity to lead the transition towards sustainable energy. We call on our fellow members of the Northwestern community to support the following actions regarding our university’s endowment:

1) Complete divestment from the coal industry
2) Increased investment in renewable energy and clean technologies
3) Active pursuit of full divestment from the fossil fuel industry in the near future

Voice your support for these actions by signing the petition here: http://bit.ly/NUSustainableEndowment

On January 30, 2013, the Northwestern University Associated Student Government passed a resolution supporting these actions (full text here). This resolution is the result of months of research and discussion with students, faculty, and staff from across the university. These actions are our duty as world citizens and also align with the values of our institution.

In the words of the Northwestern Strategic Plan, "We will contribute to the solutions for renewable energy and a sustainable environment and to how public policies and economic incentives promote implementation of new technologies and practices.”

For more background on our initiative, click here.  Please forward this email throughout the Northwestern community - whether you're an administrator of a Northwestern listserv, in contact with fellow alumni, or connected with others who care about Northwestern's financial and environmental priorities.

Thank you for helping make Northwestern University a global leader in sustainability.

Respectfully,

The Faculty, Students, Staff, and Alumni of the Northwestern University Responsible Endowment Coalition

“The path towards sustainable energy sources will be long and sometimes difficult. But America cannot resist this transition; we must lead it.” - President Obama, January 21, 2013




Announcements

NU Non Profits need your help.

Help NU Non Profit Organizations by filling out this 3-minute survey!

-------------------------------------------------

Dear Study Abroad Returnees,

ASG is creating an Unofficial Study Abroad
Guide website and we need your help! Organized by specific location, the site intends to offer Northwestern students exclusive peer-to-peer advice on many aspects of Study Abroad, ranging from what to expect in the classroom to where to go out at night.

We would greatly appreciate if you could take some time to complete the attached Word Doc forms regarding your own personal study abroad experiences and recommendations. We encourage candid and thorough answers, and guarantee complete anonymity.


There are two separate questionnaire forms: one for where you studied abroad and one for locations that you traveled to. The priority should be to complete the form regarding your study abroad host city, but we would really appreciate you filling it out for cities you visited, too.

Any and all information is appreciated. A mockup of what the website will look like is attached for reference with an example of what a profile for London, UK will look like.


The site will only be successful with the support and input from NU students.

We ask that you answer the questions in a color rather than black, and once completed, please email the document, or any questions/concerns to asgstudyabroad@gmail.com.

Thank you!

Alison Bishop, ASG Services
Kallie Culbertson, ASG Academics


 USAG-Questionnaire.docx

 USAG-Questionnaire-Traveling.docx

 USAG - Website Mock Up.pdf

-------------------------------------------------



Inline image 1

Undergraduate Non-Profit Leadership Conference

Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better. —Harry S. Truman

When: Saturday, February16th, 9:30 AM– 5:00 PM

Where: Donald P. Jacobs Center - G44

Benefits of attending:

    ·      Build your skills and knowledge of non-profits
    ·      Prepare yourself to be an innovative and effective leader
    ·      Network with key players in the non-profit and for-profit sector

 Speakers Include:  

Regional Director at Anti-Defamation League, Founder of Twist Out Cancer, CEO of The Starter League, CEO of Ajax Social Media, Strategiest, at Avenue, Inc, Kellogg Associate Professor

Registration/Cost:  Register online at www.suppliesfordreams.org/leadershipconference. There is a $5 registration fee. Complementary breakfast, lunch & refreshments will be served throughout the day.

About Supplies for Dreams: Supplies for Dreams, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization based in the North Shore area of Chicago. Its mission is to provide necessary resources and extra-curricular opportunities to Chicago Public School students.www.suppliesfordreams.org.


-------------------------------------------------

I am working on my senior thesis and am seeking participants.  Please share the below message and attached flyer with your male and female acquaintances who are in their mid-20s and mid-30s who are not enrolled in graduate school and who are not parents.  Thank you for your help!!!  I really appreciate it!

Undergraduate SESP Thesis Research study:

    Invites men and women between the ages of 24-26 and 34-36 years old to be interviewed about adulthood (Sorry to parents and graduate students-you're a different study!).
    Participation includes a one-full hour interview on either the Evanston or downtown campus of Northwestern University.  
    You will receive travel compensation and a $10 giftcard to Starbucks for your time and sharing your story.  
    We look forward to hearing from you!  Please reply to researchstudy2030@gmail.com to schedule your interview before March 1st.

Check out the attached flyer for more details!  Thank you!

Best, 
Tori Romba
Student Researcher
Principal Investigator Regina Logan
Northwestern University 
School of Education and Social Policy




-- 
Eric Morales
Northwestern University
School of Education & Social Policy, Soc.Pol. & Int. Stud. | '16
ASG Senator for RCB 4: ISRC, CRC, & Jones





-- 
Sarah Bridgewaters
President | International Studies Residential College
International Studies | African American Studies
Northwestern University | Class of 2015


