Asunto: Re: Ryan Auditorium Microphones
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/11/2013 10:45 AM
Para: Michael Kenneth McKean <michael.mckean@northwestern.edu>
CC: jessicalee2014@u.northwestern.edu

Michael,

Of course: it isn't so much a matter of the microphones not being "heard," rather, the touchscreen interface will not allow anyone to set the volume to the full level as indicated by the bar. That is, the system volume bar can be increased until it is full, but the microphone bar will not fill up.

Thanks,
Ethan


2013/4/11 Michael Kenneth McKean <michael.mckean@northwestern.edu>

    I have asked the appropriate department to look into this matter.    Can you give me a better description of the problem- I’m not quite sure what “the microphone volume is capped at a volume level lower than the maximum.” – means.

     

    Keep in mind program level is always louder than microphone level.  So music coming from an iPod or laptop will be louder than microphone levels.   Also please keep in mind that the microphone needs to be a minimum or 3 inches away from the performers mouth.  The pick up range on a wireless microphone is a quite a bit less than the lectern microphone on the podium.

     

    As soon as I hear back from the department to does upkeep on Ryan I will let you know.

     

    Michael

     

     

    Michael K McKean

    Technical Services Manager

    Norris Student Center

    Northwestern University

    847-491-2336

    "Experience is simply the name we give to our mistakes!"
                                                                      -Oscar Wilde

     

     

    From: Ethan Christopher Robison
    Sent: Wednesday, April 10, 2013 10:49 PM
    To: Michael Kenneth McKean
    Cc: jessicalee2014@u.northwestern.edu
    Subject: Ryan Auditorium Microphones

     

    Hello Michael,

     

    I am currently working the Ryan event for KASA.

    The members of KASA are currently rehearsing for an event in Ryan auditorium on May 3rd . For an unknown reason, the microphone volume is capped at a volume level lower than the maximum. The system volume does not have this problem.

     

    Could you please look into this issue?

     

    Thanks for your help,

    Ethan Robison


