Asunto: Re: [Taekwondo] Practice Time Change
De: Ji-Hoon Kim <jihoonkim2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 2/8/2013 1:30 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Oh, I forgot to mention.

Bring your gear to practice this Saturday if you have it. Especially you, Pius. You can't hide from me forever.

Ji-hoon

On Fri, Feb 8, 2013 at 3:28 PM, Ji-Hoon Kim <jihoonkim2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hey everyone,

    Our club is changing practice times. They'll still be on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays at Blomquist, but we will now be training from 8 PM to 10 PM on Mondays and Wednesdays and 12 to 2 on Saturdays. "But wait a second!" some of you may be thinking. "Those are just our normal practice times!" Well, you would be right, but lately, we've been starting practice later and later. And that's because many of us have been arriving later and later, some as late as halfway into practice.

    Now I understand that this week and last week was exam time and that life happens. But when it's literally just me and one or two other people who are at practice on time at 8 PM and suddenly more than ten other people show up at 8:15 or 8:20 or even 8:30, I think we can do a little better. Besides losing time, it reflects on how seriously we view our training. Getting better at Taekwondo doesn't magically happen when we show up to practice. We have to drive ourselves for it and make use of every bit of practice time that we have.

    And I'll give you one more reason to show up on time. Kallo won't be training us from 9 to 10 anymore. Instead, he will be at practice from 8:30 to 9:30. That means that to be prepared and properly warmed up for when the instructor arrives, we need to get practice started on time. The last 30 minutes of practice from 9:30 to 10 will be more free, and we'll get to work on whatever we feel we need to polish.

    Also, come to Saturday practices. We need more people showing up on Saturdays. We're pretty good about weekday attendance (after everyone finally shows up but I already spent 3 paragraphs ranting about that), but Saturday is fun too. I promise.

    Ji-hoon


