Asunto: XRC Trip to "How to End Poverty in 90 Minutes"
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 5/12/2013 12:26 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>


    Hello ISRCers!


        I can't believe it, but this is the last XRC trip opportunity of the year! This time, we'll be heading to the innovative play-event-thing, "How to End Poverty in 90 Minutes," where the audience and the performers/experts decide how to spend your ticket sales to help end poverty. It's supposed to be pretty cool and you get to go for free!

        The Event:

 

         HOW TO END POVERTY IN 90 MINUTES (with 199 people you may or may not know) on Friday, May 17 at the Barber Theater from 7:30-9:30 pm for Free Dollars.

 

        This is not a play; it is not a lecture; it is not an interactive workshop; it is not a physical theatre piece; it is not a public conversation. How to End Poverty in 90 Minutes is all of these things. Most significantly, it’s an opportunity to challenge a different audience every show with the question: how do you attack the problem of poverty in America? Over the course of 90 minutes, the audience will listen, explore and ultimately choose how to spend $1,000 from ticket sales that will be sitting onstage in cash. 

         

        If you are interested in going on this trip, here is what you should do!

            Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy 
            Email me by this Monday (the 13th) at if you want to go on the trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. Please only email me if you are sure you can commit to a ticket.
            Really, don't tell me you want a ticket unless you are going to go.
            If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
            Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


        The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.)  

        Best,

        Cheryl 
        Your Illustrious Assistant Master

        P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 



Adjuntos:
XRC Ticket Policy 2012-13.pdf	22.4 KB