Asunto: [Taekwondo] Club Dues
De: Allan Dong <allandong2010@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 1/23/2013 10:29 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello everyone,

TLDR (At the beginning!):  Dues for the quarter are $35, due by Wed.  Feb. 6th, payable by cash or check.  Please make checks out to Northwestern University NOT to Northwestern Taekwondo, Taekwondo Club Etc.

Hope everyone had a good MLK holiday!  Unfortunately this is also the time where I have to be the bad guy and ask for money from you poor college students (and some grad students and professor).

The reason we collect dues for our club is mainly for covering the cost of paying the instructors to come over and teach us.  This quarter, dues remain unchanged at $35 for the quarter.

We do like, however, to wait couple weeks or so from the start of the quarter before we collect dues as to give any new members a chance to scope out the club.  Hopefully by now people have an idea of what they're getting into.

Those of you from last quarter might recall my attempt at convincing you guys why $35 for a quarter of Taekwondo is not only worth it, but a REALLY great deal.  Just to remind you all: 

"Now for those of you wavering on whether or not it's worth $35 for TKD this quarter, let me just give you something to think about.  If you went to the school that our instructors come from and wanted to train there for one hour, once a week, for a month, it would cost you $109. That's about $25 an hour.  As a Northwestern student as a part of our club, if you come to each instructor led practice, you will get 2 hours of professional instruction a week.  With 9 weeks of instruction in the winter quarter, that amounts to 18 hours - for $35.  Let me put it another way:  You are getting professional taekwondo instruction for the effective rate of less than $2 an hour.  And you get to hang out with cool people like us!"  So basically, you could go to Lisa's or the C-Store and buy a donut or something twice a week, OR you could learn taekwondo.

Also, I'd like to mention, we don't want anyone's financial situation getting in the way of being able to practice taekwondo.  That being said, if dues for this quarter are something you really cannot afford, please come talk to me.  We can work something out.  In addition, if you are only planning, or able to make it to some practices (ie. once a week), please come talk to me.  Again, we can work something out.

Please, please, please, make any checks out to Northwestern University.  Do NOT make them out to Northwestern Taekwondo Club, Taekwondo Club, NU Taekwondo, or anything like that unless you happen to spell Taekwondo as "Northwestern" and Club as "University".  But in that case, I recommend you brush up on your spelling.  Again, please make those checks out to Northwestern University.  Anything else may lead us being unable to process your payment.

If anyone has any other questions, don't hesitate to email me, find me during practice or text me (please tell me who you are though if you text me). 

Your treasurer,

Allan
Email: allandong2010@u.northwestern.edu
Phone: 618-316-3961
