Asunto: Fwd: XRC Trips: Waa-Mu Show and the Best Chicago Architecture Boat Tour
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/26/2013 9:52 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>


Hello ISRCers!

We've got some seriously great XRC trips this quarter, and we're continuing the theme of must-go Chicago trips with two more sets of tickets! This time, we'll be checking out NU's very own Waa-Mu play and also going on the surprisingly awesome Chicago Architecture Boat Tour downtown (don't believe me it's cool? Look at the yelp reviews!). Both events are subsidized and transportation is included on the boat tour. 

The Events:
 

ONE:  NU’s own original review, The Waa-Mu Show "Flying Home" on Friday, May 3, ~7:30-10:30

Subsidized price: $5

 

I probably don't have to tell you much about Waa-Mu. You could probably tell me about Waa-Mu, since it's the "greatest college show in America" and whatnot. All I know is it's a thing and you guys are supposed to go.

Anyways, this year's show imagines a world in which Wonderland, Oz, and Neverland collide. Under the direction of award-winning Northwestern faculty member David H. Bell, the journeys of Alice, Dorothy, and Wendy intersect and are woven together with a brand new fantasy of our own.

Following a group of young schoolboys who insert themselves into the stories and turn the tales upside down, Flying Home explores the things we learn while on the brink of adulthood, and how, if ever, we can return home. And we've got half off tickets for opening night, so you can be the one to tell your friends about it.

 

TWO: Chicago Architectural Foundation boat tour of The Chicago River on Saturday, May 4, 12:20-4:15. 

Super subsidized price: $15 

 

Ok, don't stop reading. I know this sounds kind of lame. It's one of the first things I did when I moved here 5 years ago, and it's still my number one recommendation when out-of-towners ask what to see when they come to Chicago. It is really cool and a great way to spend an afternoon, seeing downtown from the water and listening to surprisingly well-told anecdotes about Chicago history. It's also really expensive, so go with ISRC! 


Basically, from Mag Mile, CAF certified volunteer experts interpret more than 50 buildings along the Chicago River on the top of a big boat, revealing how the city grew to what it is today. You'll also learn fun trivia, like how business philosophy is the reason some buildings have no corners and some have tons. Seriously, go. 

If you are interested in going on these trips, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
    Email me by this Sunday (the 28th) at if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Tuesday, April 30th (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
    If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

I hope you all take this opportunity at least once per quarter! 
I look forward to hearing from you, and have a great weekend!


Best,

Cheryl 
Your Illustrious Assistant Master

P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 




Adjuntos:
XRC Ticket Policy 2012-13.pdf	22.4 KB