Asunto: [NORRIS-STUDENT] Update from the Norris Student Employment Committee
De: Norris Student Employment Committee <norrisemployment@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 11/19/2013 12:08 PM
Para: <NORRIS-STUDENT@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

 
Good afternoon Norris Staff,

Week #9 is upon us and the break is oh so close.  Here are a few items to keep in mind as the quarter ends:

Contribute to the Norris Holiday Card

It's time to work on our Norris season card and we want as many staff involved as possible. To accomplish this, we are asking every department to submit a group picture for inclusion. To capture as many people as possible in the next week or so, we will also be calling out "PFPs" - calling all available staff to "Pose for Picture."

ACUI Region 8 Conference

Our staff is back from ACUI (Association of College Unions International). Feel free to ask them about their experiences to see if you might be interested in attending next time.

Updates from Norris Town Hall Meeting

·       The lighting at south entrance is a problem, particularly when lights from Pick-Staiger are also off. Temporary lighting has been installed until it can be fixed permanently.

·       Recent thefts - We are still working closely with NUPD and have identified some of our stolen equipment. We are conducting a roof-to-underground security assessment with NUPD.

·       Student representatives are meeting with the Norris Administration to determine the impact of Norris’ extension of hours.

·       Persistent leak on the ground level - Last Tuesday the drains on the south lawn were cleaned in an effort to alleviate the problem.  The hard rains on Sunday pointed to the need for additional measures.

December Norris Town Hall Meeting

The next Norris Staff Town Hall will be the End of Quarter Party from 4:00-5:30 p.m. on Thursday, December 5th at the Dittmar Gallery.

---------------------
 
 

Have a great week!

Norris Student Employment Committee


-- 
 
The Norris Student Employment Committee is committed to enhancing student employee education through experiential learning, community building, and opportunities to develop professional skills in a diverse, supportive environment.
---- NOTICE: You are receiving this message because you are listed as a current student employee at the Norris Center. If you no longer work at Norris or have questions about this list, please contact Jennifer Stripe at 847-491-2385 or jennifer-king@northwestern.edu.
