Asunto: Fwd: Hi Nathan, please forward this to your residents. It's important for tomorrow's election
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/18/2013 4:51 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>



---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Anna Kottenstette <annamkottenstette@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, Apr 18, 2013 at 6:09 PM
Subject: Hi Nathan, please forward this to your residents. It's important for tomorrow's election
To: nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu


Hello everyone! 

As I am sure you are well aware, tomorrow is the big election day on campus. The crazy Facebook campaigns will be finished, the new ASG executive board will be in place, and hopefully, I'll be reaching out to some of you to apply for the ASG student life committee. Woohoo. But before you vote, I ask that you consider a few things that distinguish me, Anna Kottenstette, as the most qualified candidate for the ASG Student Life VP position. 


Things you should know about me: 

    I'm a junior in School of Comm, but I started in Weinberg and know what it's like to not know where you're meant to be within NU.  
    I joined my Greek chapter as a sophomore, but still found a home there.
    I've lived in Hobart, Plex, and a sorority house.
    I've been on the student life committee for a year and have worked on projects ranging from residential services, athletics, and FREE PRINTING. Yes, you read that right. 
    I've been involved in many aspects of NU: sports medicine, Phi Delta Epsilon, ASG, The Daily, Sheil,intramurals, WNUR News, WNUR Sports, Project Shout Out, Wildcat Welcome. 
    I love this school, but I believe that we can make it better.  
    I believe that my varied experiences within NU and on the committee make me the most qualified candidate for the Student Life VP position. 

I would appreciate your support in the vote tomorrow and hope that you are each able to see past the flowery language of campaign season to truly vote for the candidate that you believe is most qualified. That goes for presidential candidates too. Our platforms are all the same. We're all running because we love NU. But not everyone, especially in the case of SLVP, can claim to have the experiences needed to run an ASG committee. I want to be your friend, I want to be your representative, and most of all, I want us to leave NU with the best possible experience. Because your experience matters. 

If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, please feel free to email me: annakottenstette2014@u.northwestern. 

Go 'Cats, 

Anna Kottenstette 


(FYI: The student life committee works on all initiatives that fall outside of academics, which means that we take on projects that we identify or our peers identify and work with administration to make a change. An example of this is adding a new shuttle stop near Elder.) 



-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University
School of Communication, '15: Performance Studies, Biological Anthropology, Slavic Studies (minor) 
International Studies Residential College, President 
Theatre and Interpretation Center, Lab Theater Aide 
Wildcat Welcome 2013, Peer Adviser 
Spectrum Theatre Company, Special Events Coordinator 

