Asunto: Last XRC Trip: Wicked!
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/3/2013 8:28 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>


    Hello, Favorite Fairchildren!

    I've got another set of tickets for you guys! This is the last XRC trip for the quarter. And it's to see the Broadway musical, Wicked, in downtown Chicago! We only have a few spots, so email fast! I will also create a waitlist of 5 people. Please only reserve a ticket if you can 1) pay me by Thursday and 2) commit to being at the bus (outside ISRC) at 6pm and not return to campus to 11pm. 


    The Event:
     

    Friday, November 15 – Wicked, the Broadway musical  

    Subsidized price: $25  

    Estimated departure/return: 6-11 PM

     

    Back by popular demand in celebration of its 10th anniversary on Broadway. Winner of 35 major awards, including a Grammy and three Tony Awards, WICKED is "Broadway's biggest blockbuster" (The New York Times). Long before that girl from Kansas arrives in Munchkinland, two girls meet in the land of Oz. One - born with emerald green skin - is smart, fiery and misunderstood. The other is beautiful, ambitious and very popular. How these two grow to become the Wicked Witch of the West and Glinda the Good makes for "the most complete - and completely satisfying - new musical in a long time" (USA Today).

    If you are interested in going on the trip, here is what you should do!

        Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
        Email me if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
        Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Thursday, November 7th (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
        If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
        Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


    The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

    You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

    Best,

    Cheryl 
    Your Illustrious Assistant Master

    P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 





-- 
Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC
Northwestern University


Adjuntos:
XRC Ticket Policy 2013-14.pdf	55.0 KB