Asunto: Re: You have 1 month to prepare
De: Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/1/2013 7:23 AM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi Everybody,

I think yesterday's 1st practice of the year was quite successful, I was very pleased to see new people and quite a few returning faces.  As most of you know there is a tournament at Iowa State that we are interested in going to.  I've been in charge of organizing it and the most important thing right now is getting a final head count of who is going (this includes spectating and what not).  So far this is what I've got

Alex (myself)
Allan
Young
Eric
Ji-Hoon
Lisa
Davin (strong maybe)
Rui
Vicky (maybe)

I'm pretty sure I forgot somebody, who told me they might go.  But please let me know if you want to go.  Also if you are on the fence about it, let me know too.  The importance of this is primarily about making sure we rent enough vans from NU.  Luckily at least two of us have cars and sound like they are willing to drive, which does open up the possibility of last minute people coming (but I don't encourage it).  Also I need a final head count, because of renting the motel, which I would like to do ASAP.  To save money I think we should have people bring sleeping bags (I've got two of my own).  Anyway, let me know if you want to go.  I'll give you until Thursday to decide.  

-Alex


On Wed, Sep 18, 2013 at 10:03 AM, Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Good morning everybody,

    I know summer break is wrapping up and people are getting ready for the new school year.  I know I'm not your president, but I would like to share some information with you if any of you are interested.  I have been in contact with Master Matthew Hamann who is the tournament director of TKD at Iowa State.  He has provided me the application document for the Iowa State tournament.  For the last year or two the NU TKD club has always talked about going to Iowa State for a TKD tournament.  This year I would like to make that a reality.  We have pretty much one month to get ready for this tournament, both in training as well as logistics.   

    To that end, I would like anybody who is interested in going to read through the packet, and let me know whether you want to go or not.  We are most likely going to rent university vans to get there, so we need to reserve them (and correct me if I'm wrong) at least two weeks in advance.  So, I'd like to play things on the safe side, and I'll give you one week to let me know whether or not you are interested in going.  I'm also saying 1 week because, if you don't have full sparring gear, you need to order it, or whatever pieces you need.  

    I would ultimately encourage you to go to this tournament, especially color belts.  This is really a great opportunity to learn more TKD, and take what you have learned and put it to the test.  If you have any questions let me know.  I look forward to seeing you all this year.

    Alex

    P.S - Eric, Master Hamann hasn't mentioned anything about the need for judges.  I will ask him about that again.
    -- 
    Alex Peroff




-- 
Alex Peroff
