Asunto: [Taekwondo] Urgent KASA Show Stuff
De: Ji-Hoon Kim <jihoonkim2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 2/25/2013 8:55 AM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey everyone,

As most of you don't already know, KASA Show auditions are March 1, which is this Friday. Now, I know that's really short notice, but that's not really a problem because all we have to do is a few flying side kicks over shields and boom, we're in. The problem is that if the last 2 years of KASA Show performance is any indication, preparation takes a lot of practice time away from actual Taekwondo practice. It also takes manpower and the consistency of all invovled members to show up to every practice involving KASA Show preparation (traditionally, this has been Saturday practices).

What that means is that this year, I do not plan to invest as heavily into KASA Show and demonstrations as previous years. I know that for many of us this year, we can only make it to one or two practices each week, and if you are one of those people, spending your one weekly practice for a demonstration is not a good thing.

In case you are not familiar with our usual KASA Show antics, the KASA Show is hosted by the Korean American Student Association, and they hold a show every year where dance groups dance to K-Pop, singers sing K-Pop, and we do Taekwondo. Normally, we do a part where we demonstrate some basic techniques, some kicks with paddles and fun flashy stuff like jumping over a big row of stuff and breaking boards. Then, we have one "skit" part where we do a choreographed fight. Then, we break some more boards. And all that happens in the spam of about 5 to 7 minutes. Like I said, it's a lot of time investment to put it all together, so this year, I want to condense all of that into one single act.

So what does this have to do with you? Other than letting you know about all this KASA Show stuff since this might be your first year with the club, I also want to know how many of you are willing to perform in KASA Show this year. Your rank here does not matter. Anyone from white belt to black belt can get involved. The only thing I ask is that you show up on Saturdays when we rehearse. Yes, it will be during Saturday practice. No, it will not be every Saturday. I will let you know which Saturdays those will be, but you might as well consider it being "every Saturday from now until KASA Show," which is like every Saturday until the end of March. I'll let you miss one or two of those with notice beforehand, but I will not "save" your spot in the show if you find yourself oversleeping past noon on Saturday.

Again, if you want in on the show or have any questions, reply to this email. As for Friday's audition, I'm trying to convince KASA people to come to the end of our practice on Wednesday or Saturday instead since they are asking us to perform and not the other way around (even though they still want us to "audition"), so don't worry about it. We'll have whoever is at practice on Wednesday or Saturday do a little something for the KASA people, even if some of those people will not be in the actua KASA Show demo.

Ji-hoon Kim

P.S. Pay Allan the 35 dollar club dues if you haven't yet.
