Asunto: Fwd: XRC trip to Museum of Science and Industry - Email to RSVP!
De: John Gaffney <johngaffney2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/14/2013 12:21 AM
Para: ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu

Want to go, Mr. Robison?

- The Beverage

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Date: Sat, Apr 13, 2013 at 11:10 PM
Subject: XRC trip to Museum of Science and Industry - Email to RSVP!
To: ISRC-UPPER@listserv.it.northwestern.edu



Hello ISRCers!

We've got some seriously great XRC trips this quarter, and I've got another set of tickets! This time, it's to the renowned Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, with transportation from ISRC included!

Cross-college (XRC) trips are for Res College residents only, and they are arranged by Nancy Anderson, director of Residential Life.  We have 4 or 5 each quarter, and the Master Staff of ISRC subsidizes the ticket prices so that they are more affordable, and therefore much more tempting!  The Res Colleges provide transportation, and Fellows or Master staff attend the events, so you can get a chance to meet them, as well. 

The Event:
 

RC visit to The Museum of Science & Industry, Chicago 

Sat. April 20  from 11:15 am – 4:45 pm

Subsidized Price: $10 (serious discount there)

The largest science museum in the Western hemisphere and the second most frequented cultural attraction in the city, the Museum of Science and Industry is a Chicago staple--with some 2000 exhibits!

 In addition to checking out the MSI permanent exhibits (like the U boat and full scale coal mine), you guys will have access to their special exhibit, Animal Inside Out. If you've never been to a "bodies" exihibit, it offers the chance to explore the intricate biology and physiology of some of the world’s most spectacular creatures in the exhibit's U.S. premiere. See more than 100 animal specimens that have been preserved through the process of plastination, from goats to giraffes and octopuses to ostriches. 

You will also be able to check out the Omnimax screening of Space Junk, an exploration of our planet's perilous ring of orbiting debris. It's all the way in Hyde Park, so take advantage of the free door-to-door bus to go to MSI while you live here!

If you are interested in going on this trip, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
    Email me by this Tuesday (the 16th) if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Thursday, April 18th (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
    If you have *any* questions, send me an email whenever and I will answer them. My email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

I hope you all take this opportunity at least once per quarter! 
I look forward to hearing from you, and have a great weekend!

Best,

Cheryl 
Your Illustrious Assistant Master

P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 


