Asunto: Re: You have 1 month to prepare
De: Joanna Spencer <joannaspencer2015@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 9/18/2013 6:59 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Guys. I think that this is a really important opportunity for the club. I know that it's Parents' Weekend, BUT I implore you to go to this tournament (I would go if we didn't have a home football game). This could be a really great opportunity for the club in multiple regards, including gaining experience in competition, and bringing home stories of our extreme awesomeness to entice new people to come to the club.

Joanna


On Wed, Sep 18, 2013 at 10:03 AM, Alex Peroff <alexperoff2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Good morning everybody,

    I know summer break is wrapping up and people are getting ready for the new school year.  I know I'm not your president, but I would like to share some information with you if any of you are interested.  I have been in contact with Master Matthew Hamann who is the tournament director of TKD at Iowa State.  He has provided me the application document for the Iowa State tournament.  For the last year or two the NU TKD club has always talked about going to Iowa State for a TKD tournament.  This year I would like to make that a reality.  We have pretty much one month to get ready for this tournament, both in training as well as logistics.   

    To that end, I would like anybody who is interested in going to read through the packet, and let me know whether you want to go or not.  We are most likely going to rent university vans to get there, so we need to reserve them (and correct me if I'm wrong) at least two weeks in advance.  So, I'd like to play things on the safe side, and I'll give you one week to let me know whether or not you are interested in going.  I'm also saying 1 week because, if you don't have full sparring gear, you need to order it, or whatever pieces you need.  

    I would ultimately encourage you to go to this tournament, especially color belts.  This is really a great opportunity to learn more TKD, and take what you have learned and put it to the test.  If you have any questions let me know.  I look forward to seeing you all this year.

    Alex

    P.S - Eric, Master Hamann hasn't mentioned anything about the need for judges.  I will ask him about that again.
    -- 
    Alex Peroff


