Asunto: ASG Weekly | February 22, 2013
De: Sarah Bridgewaters <sarahbridgewaters2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/22/2013 5:22 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>



	

		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Senate Recap
	

•
		

Cab Corner: NU's Cab Sharing Solution
	

•
		

Student Author Article Contest
	

•
		

Student Group Senate positions for 2013-2014 open for application
	

•
		

Unofficial Study Abroad Guide
	

•
		

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision
	

•
		

Want to make Northwestern go viral?

Senator Spotlight

Alex Lower
1835 Hinman, Interfaith Senator

For his efforts to play WNUR in dining halls.

ASG In The News

ASG services committee aims to accommodate students with new online resources
The Daily Northwestern

Chabad House dispute arrives at ASG Senate
The Daily Northwestern

ASG passes bill calling for University transparency on Klein case North by Northwestern

ASG Address Foley, Chabad House at Senate
The Daily Northwestern

ASG imposes sanctions on three campus groups, supports Brady Scholars project
North by Northwestern 
		
	

ASG allocates $12,802 to B-Status groups

On Wednesday, Senate allocated $12,802 to 47 B-status student groups. Senate also approved a petition for additional funding for ISA World Cup.

In addition, Senators approved funds to purchase several additional PC chargers for Mudd and University libraries' laptop charger rental programs.

Senate also called for the University to be more transparent in relaying information to students. The resolution also asked the University to facilitate the disclosure of information related to the disaffiliation with Chabad House.

Senators confirmed ASG Student Life committee member Anna Kottenstette as the Director of Residential Life; Kottenstette will serve as ASG's point person for Residential Life issues, initiatives, and projects.

Cab Corner: NU's Cab Sharing Solution
	
	

ASG is pleased to announce the introduction of ‘Cab Corner,’ a cab sharing program for the exclusive of Northwestern students. The service will allow students to coordinate date, time and location of their destination and be matched with students traveling with similar itinerary.

Once on the site students can either submit a request for a cab share or view postings to find one that match their needs. The program will be especially useful during the holidays when students can prearrange their transportation to and from the airport.

Student Author Article Contest
	
	

Submit your entry on "How Auxiliary Services Has Influenced My College Experience" for a chance to win cash prizes and be published in College Services.

Sponsored by the NACAS.

For more information, please visit their website.

Student Group Senate positions for 2013-2014 open for application

The Student Group Apportionment application is due February 27.

Groups looking to retain their Senate seats must re-apply, and the application is open to any Northwestern student group (including non-ASG recognized groups). Groups may apply for a Senate position individually or as part of a coalition.

For further information, contact ASG Chief of Staff Carly Blumenfeld.

Unofficial Study Abroad Guide

ASG is creating an Unofficial Study Abroad Guide website and we need your help! Organized by specific location, the site intends to offer Northwestern students exclusive peer-to-peer advice on many aspects of Study Abroad, ranging from what to expect in the classroom to where to go out at night.

If you've studied abroad, we would greatly appreciate if you could take some time to complete the attached Word Doc forms regarding your own personal study abroad experiences and recommendations. We encourage candid and thorough answers, and guarantee complete anonymity.

There are two separate questionnaire forms: one for where you studied abroad here and one for locations that you traveled to here. The priority should be to complete the form regarding your study abroad host city, but we would really appreciate you filling it out for cities you visited, too. 

We ask that you answer the questions in a color rather than black, and once completed, please email the document, or any questions/concerns to asgstudyabroad@gmail.com.

Campus Voice: Your Voice is Our Vision

Have you checked out Campus Voice yet? Using this online forum, students are able to express themselves by submitting ideas, problems, or questions about Northwestern student life! Giving ASG and the administration feedback about your concerns has never been easier!

Once you log in with their NetID, you will be able to make suggestions for campus improvements. Other students can then vote and comment on your ideas.

ASG representatives will explore every suggestion. We will then track each project’s progress on the website, keeping you informed every step along the way.

Visit campusvoice.northwestern.edu and start posting today!

Want to make Northwestern go viral?

Attention Wildcats! Want to show off your love for Northwestern? ASG is looking to make a campus music video!

To enter, please submit a 300 word or less proposal of how you would show off Northwestern and its community. Applications can be found here: http://bit.ly/Xo0HAn

If your proposal wins, your video will be produced at the beginning of spring quarter!

Submit your application to numusicvideo@gmail.com by 5 PM on Saturday, February 23.
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews
		

	
				




Announcements




AUDITION FOR

WRESTLEPOCALYPSE VII

Presented by Vertigo Productions

WRESTLEPOCALYPSE is an annual, devised production at Northwestern University. What began as a theatrical experiment in 2007 has grown into a university-wide Dillo Eve tradition that draws on the talents of Northwestern students from across the campus. Every year, record numbers of students from every background try out for or attend the production, which makes it one of the furthest reaching student-run traditions at NU.

The following roles are available for auditions:

WRESTLER AND WRESTLER’S MANAGER

KNOCKOUT (RING GIRL)

LIVE COMMENTATORS

RING ANNOUNCER

REFEREE

Tag Teams & Rivals welcome!

NO WRESTLING EXPERIENCE REQUIRED.


Signup at NORRIS FRONT DESK for a 15 minute slotduring one of these times:

Sunday, February 24th 6-10 PM in Norris 207 (Rock)

Monday, February 25th 6-10 PM in Norris 101 (Wildcat)

Tuesday, February 26th 6-10 PM in Norris 208 (Armadillo)

Wednesday, February 27th 6-10 PM in Norris 206 (Arch)

Thursday, February 28th 6-10 PM in Norris 202 (Northwestern)

Come prepared with a character and a 30-second promo. Be ready to pump up the crowd, tell us who you are, talk some trash and take a chair shot (maybe).

Questions? Email WRESTLEPOCALYPSE@GMAIL.COM. Check out our WRESTLEPOCALYPSE try-outs page on Facebook and follow us on Twitter, @MyLifeIsPocs

As you probably know Josie Nordman, a NU student, has cystic fibrosis and needs a lung transplant. People are trying to raise money so that her parents can afford the procedure when a lung becomes available. Josie's mom reached out to the NU community asking to arrange some sort of transportation system for Josie to and from class so that she doesn't have to brave the cold and schlep around her oxygen tank. So, students organized a google doc for people to sign up to drive her to class. If you are free at the times on the google doc and could help drive her, your help would truly be appreciated!  Please please please sign up for a slot on the google doc by filling out the Name and Phone Number Fields. The doc is organized by days and tells you at what time and where to pick her up and where to drop her off. In total, this is a TEN MINUTE commitment that could truly make a HUGE difference.

Here is the link to the doc: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AjTfALfxJxFodEs5UTJERU9xT1R2NU8tbTVuWUR0R2c


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Study Abroad Returnees,

ASG is creating an Unofficial Study Abroad
Guide website and we need your help! Organized by specific location, the site intends to offer Northwestern students exclusive peer-to-peer advice on many aspects of Study Abroad, ranging from what to expect in the classroom to where to go out at night.

We would greatly appreciate if you could take some time to complete the attached Word Doc forms regarding your own personal study abroad experiences and recommendations. We encourage candid and thorough answers, and guarantee complete anonymity.


There are two separate questionnaire forms: one for where you studied abroad and one for locations that you traveled to. The priority should be to complete the form regarding your study abroad host city, but we would really appreciate you filling it out for cities you visited, too.

Any and all information is appreciated. A mockup of what the website will look like is attached for reference with an example of what a profile for London, UK will look like.


The site will only be successful with the support and input from NU students.

We ask that you answer the questions in a color rather than black, and once completed, please email the document, or any questions/concerns to asgstudyabroad@gmail.com.

Thank you!

Alison Bishop, ASG Services
Kallie Culbertson, ASG Academics


 USAG-Questionnaire.docx

 USAG-Questionnaire-Traveling.docx

 USAG - Website Mock Up.pdf






