Asunto: Ani & Alex for Julia and Erik
De: Esteban Doyle <estebandoyle2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/6/2014 8:44 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>



A message from Ani & Alex

It’s been an honor and a privilege to serve as your student body president & executive vice president this year. We’ve had the opportunity to meet and work with so many passionate, talented students, and been part of conversations and efforts that moved this campus towards a more inclusive, supportive, and healthy future.

Along the way, we’ve come to better understand the depth and breadth of the challenges that face Northwestern University. No one issue stands alone: from mental health to Frostbite shuttles to resources for students from low-income backgrounds, our greatest challenges stem from deeply intertwined, entrenched structural problems.

Tackling these issues can’t be finished within a 12-month term. It must be and is the responsibility of each generation of Northwestern student to leave this school better than we found it. We did our best, and we’re proud to say our team made real progress on improving policies, services, and resources for students. But at every step, we knew that our greatest responsibility was to lay the groundwork for a new generation of leaders with fresh ideas and renewed energy.

That’s why we’re endorsing Julia Watson and Erik Zorn for ASG President & Executive Vice President.

We’re voting for Julia and Erik this Wednesday because they’ve chosen to see Northwestern’s challenges not as isolated concerns affecting some students and not others, but as interconnected issues that need to be addressed by a student government that pushes Northwestern to live up to its core values. They’re asking us to empower them to serve as your advocates, and they’re promising to make our voice heard on all the issues that matter to us.
	
Read More
More about Julia and Erik

 

We're Julia and Erik, and we're running for ASG President and Vice President.

We can't win this election alone. Help us get the word out-- like us on Facebook and pass this email along to friends, classmates, and listservs.
	Website
	Facebook
	Twitter




-- 
Esteban Doyle 
Northwestern University Class of 2017
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Sciences 
Environmental Engineering 
International Studies Residential College | President
