Asunto: Fwd: FW: Great Opportunity for NU Students to Learn, Serve & Earn Course Credit in Chicago!
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/17/2014 8:18 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>




 
Learn, Serve & Explore Careers this Summer in Chicago!
www.engagechicago.org/apply
Engage Chicago is an immersive ﬁeld study program, designed to give students a powerful summer learning experience in one of the world's most dynamic cities. Through academic coursework, hands-on experience at top organizations and institutions, thoughtful reﬂection, and a summer living with a vibrant community of peers, Engage Chicago is a powerful opportunity for students to learn about a great city, about social change, and about themselves.
 
Upcoming Info Sessions
Tuesday Feb. 18th - 4pm
Norris Big Ten Room
*RSVP Here* 
(encouraged, not required)

Wednesday Feb. 19th - 5pm
Harris Hall Room L28
*RSVP Here* 
(encouraged, not required)
Deadlines
Feb. 24th - Regular
Apr. 4th - Final
The program runs from
June 20th to Aug. 15th.

In previous summers, students have interned at organizations such as the Legal Assistance Foundation of Metropolitan Chicago, the Illinois Maternal & Child Health Coalition, and the Chicago Public Schools Office of Family & Community Engagement. They explored the rich culture and history of Chicago and the theories and ideas behind community development work in CFS 397: Field Studies in Civic Engagement, taught by popular NU Professor John "Jody" Kretzmann, a nationally recognized expert in community development and social change.

Engage Chicago offers students the opportunity to:

    Gain invaluable work experience at top organizations in Chicago
    Earn course credit while learning among a community of peers
    Experience daily life in the diverse, dynamic city of Chicago
    Serve alongside leaders and organizations that make a difference
    Learn first-hand about politics, history and methods of social change 

 
Interested in law or health-related careers?
Consider Engage Chicago's Special Concentrations in
- Health and Medicine and   
- Law and Advocacy(*NEW for 2014!*) 

Engage Chicago is pleased to offer an additional dynamic program component for students interested in careers or further study in health & medicine or law & advocacy. Students interested in health-related fields (medicine, public health, health policy, etc.) or law-related fields (legal work, public interest law, politics/policy, advocacy, etc.) can enhance their Engage Chicago experience by applying to participate in one of these optional special tracks consisting of an additional weekly seminar and field experience focused on related contemporary issues in their chosen field throughout the city of Chicago. 

To learn more about the Health & Medicine Concentration, visit: www.engagechicago.org/health.

To learn more about the Law & Advocacy Concentration, visit: www.engagechicago.org/law.

To stay informed about Engage Chicago "like us" on Facebook. If you have any questions, please contact Heidi Gross (heidi-gross@northwestern.edu), EC Assistant Coordinator.

Engage Chicago
One summer.  One city.  Experience of a lifetime. 
www.engagechicago.org

"Take. This. Class.  It will be one of the best things you ever do."
-EC participant
Northwestern University
Center for Civic Engagement & Chicago Field Studies
1813 Hinman Avenue
Evanston, Il 60208-4175
p. (847) 467-1367
f. (847) 467-2286
engage@northwestern.edu
www.engage.northwestern.edu
www.engagechicago.org

Copyright (c) 2014 The Center for Civic Engagement All rights reserved. 



-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University, Class of 2015
School of Communication: Performance Studies
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences: Biological Anthropology, Slavic Studies (minor)
International Studies Residential College, President
Theatre and Interpretation Center, Lab Theater Aide
Wildcat Welcome 2013, Peer Adviser
Spectrum Theatre Company, Special Events Director


