Asunto: ASG Weekly and a blue penguin: 5.12.14
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 5/12/2014 5:38 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi all,

Last week someone emailed me telling me they looked at the picture of the puppy I sent without reading the actual email. As punishment, this week I hid the cute picture in the body of the email.

ASG's budget is being approved on Wednesday so talk to me if you want to know how we're spending our money.

Only 19 days 'till Dillo. Sign up for ReNUvation so we can give back to the Evanston community following whatever takes place then. Dillo. 

Happy Spring,
Swiatek

	
Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
     
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Apply to be the VP for Analytics!
	

•
		

ASG Faculty and Administrator Honor Roll
	

•
		

Take the Shop-n-Ride Survey!
	

•
		

Sign up for ReNUvation!
	

•
		

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables
	

•
		

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice
	

•
		

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

ASG in the News

ASG moving forwad with 3+E Proposal (DailyNU)

Student hackathon winners plan future for Northwestern mobile app (DailyNU)
		
	

Apply to be the VP for Analytics!

Do you enjoy designing studies, collecting data, or analyzing results of said studies?  Are you interested in promoting change at Northwestern using quantifiable suggestions from the student body?

Apply now to be the VP for Analytics this upcoming school year! If you have any questions, feel free to contact Rafael Henriquez at asg-cos@u.northwestern.edu.

To apply, fill out the application here.

ASG Faculty and Administrator Honor Roll

Each year ASG presents the opportunity for students to honor faculty and administrators who consistently and excitedly enrich our time here and represent a commitment to the Northwestern student body. This process has impact reaching far-beyond ASG, including hiring, promotion along the tenure track, and consideration for other university staff and faculty awards and nominations. Please take this opportunity to recognize those who have served Northwestern University with distinction by voting for the faculty members that you believe represent these ideals!

Please nominate faculty and administrators by May 23: https://northwestern.collegiatelink.net/form/start/44105

If you have questions, concerns, comments, or suggestions, please contact Anna Rennich, ASG VP for Academics, at asg-academic@u.northwestern.edu.

Take the Shop-n-Ride Survey!

Do you take the Shop-n-Ride shuttle to shop off campus?
Ever want to run errands but don't have transportation?
Want to help decide where the Shop-n-Ride could take you?

Take this Shop-n-Ride survey and help us plan next year's route!

Sign up for ReNUvation!

Every year ASG organizes a neighborhood cleanup of the streets immediately west of campus the morning after Dillo Day. After a fun day of celebrating, this is students' chance to give back to the Evanston community and take responsibility for making sure all the leftover Dillo trash is disposed of.

The more volunteers we have, the quicker we'll be able to leave the neighborhood as we left it. We'll be meeting at 9am on 6/1 outside Kellogg. Gloves, garbage bags, and bagels will all be provided! Please sign up to volunteer here!

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables

Inline image 1

To sign up for Spring 2014's ASG Admin Round Tables, please fill out the form here.

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice

Campus Voice is ASG's campus-wide feedback platform that lets students submit ideas, report problems, and ask questions.

Want to give ASG your feedback? Submit to Campus Voice here. 

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

Publicize your student group's event over the Campus Loop, ASG's weekly events listserv. The Campus Loop reaches over 4,000 students! To submit to the Campus Loop, click here. To subscribe to the listserv, click here. 
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
		

	
				



-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
