Asunto: ASG wants you to read this! (Weekly: 4.28.14)
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/28/2014 2:45 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey all!

Two things: first of all, apply to be on an ASG committee! There's a whole lot of super talented people who were all just sworn in to lead ASG, and y'all should help them do some awesome things for the school. 

Second thing: On Wednesday senate is voting whether or not we endorse making Northwestern free of bottled water. That would mean there wouldn't bottled water sold in any of the C-stores, you wouldn't get in trouble for having bottled water. The reason for this is mainly to make NU more sustainable and we want to encourage using reusable water bottles. I want to know what you guys think so please email me, facebook me, call me, snapchat me, candygram me, whatever you like. I'm putting facebook polls up on your facebook groups, but this is a pretty legit thing we're voting on.

Hugs,
Jacob

	
Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
     
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Sign Up for 'Cats Come to Dinner!
	

•
		

Apply for ASG Committees!
	

•
		

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables
	

•
		

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice
	

•
		

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

ASG in the News

Northwestern programmers innovate at hackathon competition (Daily NU)
		
	

Sign Up for 'Cats Come to Dinner!
	
	

Want a FREE home-cooked meal? How about meeting Evanston families? Now’s your chance.

Sign up soon for ‘Cats Come to Dinner, May 16-18!

Brought to you by ASG, ‘Cats Come to Dinner is a quarterly event that brings Evanston families and Northwestern students together for dinners. Meals are free to students and are typically hosted by families in their Evanston homes. Space is limited!

Sign up here by May 5.

Question? Email us: asg-communityrelations@u.northwestern.edu.

Apply for ASG Committees!

Are you interested in working to better Northwestern? Excited to work with fellow students, administrators, professors, or Evanston residents to make positive change?

Apply to be on an ASG committee for the 2014-15 school year. Applications will be available tomorrow for the following committees:

Academic; Community Relations; Diversity & Inclusion; Public Relations; Services; Student Activities Finance; Student Life; Sustainability.

More information and links to committee descriptions are available on the ASG website. To apply, fill out the application here. Applications open on April 29 and are due on May 6 at midnight.

If you have any questions, contact our Chief of Staff, Rafael Henriquez, at asg-cos@u.northwestern.edu.

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables

To sign up for Spring 2014's ASG Admin Round Tables, please fill out the form here.

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice

Campus Voice is ASG's campus-wide feedback platform that lets students submit ideas, report problems, and ask questions.

Want to give ASG your feedback? Submit to Campus Voice here. 

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

Publicize your student group's event over the Campus Loop, ASG's weekly events listserv. The Campus Loop reaches over 4,000 students! To submit to the Campus Loop, click here. To subscribe to the listserv, click here. 
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
		

	
				

-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
