Asunto: Re: IM, finalized
De: Young-Hoon Kim <younghoonkim2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 10/4/2014 11:26 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Reminder : wear black for tomorrow's football game! Meet at 11:15 tomorrow in the main lounge. No metal cleats allowed

For volleyball wear whatever, meet at 2:30. Third floor volley players we will meet Albert after the game (sorry!!!)
On Oct 2, 2014 9:11 PM, "Young-Hoon Kim" <younghoonkim2017@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hey everyone, again!
    Our schedules are finalized, and we will be starting Football and Volleyball this coming Sunday, at 12 noon and 3 PM respectively. We will be playing with Chapin and Hobart against PARC/Shepard in football. You must wear black this game for football. It changes to either white or black depending on the week, but this week is black. For volleyball we will be playing against Chapin (#awkward), no specific color necessary, we will be given pennies. Again, meet in the main lounge at 11:15 AM and 2:30 PM for the football/volleyball breakdown, respectively.
    Dodgeball folks: We have a bye this coming Tuesday! So our first game will be against Slivka on October 14th. Sorry about that.

    I'll be sending out e-mails about weekly, but if you need to ever look at the schedule or anything, follow this link: http://www.nuim.northwestern.edu/ and select 'Co-Rec' under whichever sport you're looking at. Our team names are as follows: Football- Chapin/ISRC/Hobart; Volleyball- F for F-fort; Dodgeball- Cleveland Browns (I don't have control over the football team's name, that's the Chapin IM Chair's, she's our captain for football, not me)

    As far as rosters go, rosters will not be finalized for a while, so if you can't make it to a game it's no big deal for now. But still bring your Wildcards for volleyball and dodgeball so you can get into Blom. I'll describe rosters later, but y'all are completely free to show up to whatever sport you want, even if you didn't sign up for it on the form that got sent out last week.

    Hopefully soon I'll have a list of people that signed up so I don't need to continue sending these e-mails to the whole listserv. As always, if you have any questions let me know.

    Paul Kim



    On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 7:16 PM, Young-Hoon Kim <younghoonkim2017@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

        Hi all,
        Here is my phone number just by the way if you ever need to contact me about IM (or anything else)
        334-750-9141

        Paul Kim
        On Sep 29, 2014 11:02 PM, "Young-Hoon Kim" <younghoonkim2017@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

            Hello all,
            Thank you so much for everyone that signed up for IM this quarter. I received the finalized schedule for this quarter; we are starting THIS SUNDAY so get hyped

            Our schedule is as follows:
            Football: Sundays at 12 noon
            Volleyball: Sundays at 3 PM
            Dodgeball: Tuesdays at 7:30 PM

            Two notes: Dodgeball starts NEXT Tuesday. We are paired with Chapin and Hobart for football.

            We will meet at 11:15 AM this Sunday to go over some IM-specific rules (we are meeting this early because Long Field is a good walk and I want to warm up some). Similarly, we will meet at 2:30 in the main lounge for volleyball, and at 7 on Tuesday for dodgeball. Even if you didn't sign up you can come!! The more people the better (in theory). Also, for volleyball and dodgeball please bring your wildcards as we will likely have to sign into Blom.

            If y'all want team names let me know.

            Paul Kim


