Asunto: ASG Weekly: 4.6.14
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/8/2014 10:42 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Happy Spring!

ASG ELECTIONS ARE LIVE AS OF 30 MINUTES AGO! Go to https://northwestern.collegiatelink.net/election/start/42618 to vote. There's not much in in the weekly this week since this email was conveniently sent to me right after the ASG debates and Dr. Bienen's thing has also passed but totally check out the ASG round tables!

Have a good week, J1F Love! (minus Hinman, they can go play with the RHA kids.)
- J

	
Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe
		
Facebook icon 		
Like
		Twitter icon 		
Tweet
		Forward icon 		
Forward
	
     
	

IN THIS ISSUE
	

•
		

Attend the ASG Presidential & VP Debates
	

•
		

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables
	

•
		

NCDC Dialogues Committee and ASG Presents: Former University President Dr. Henry Bienen
	

•
		

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice
	

•
		

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

ASG in the News
		
	

Attend the ASG Presidential & VP Debates

Come watch the candidates for ASG President and Executive President answer questions! The EVP Debate will begin at 7pm and the Presidential Debate will follow at 8pm.

Submit Debate questions here. Attend the Facebook event here. 
 

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables

To sign up for Spring 2014's ASG Admin Round Tables, please fill out the form here.

NCDC Dialogues Committee and ASG Presents: Former University President Dr. Henry Bienen
	
	

Interested in learning about education reform? Excited about being at Northwestern and wanting to learn more about its history? Interested in Chicago Public Schools? Have you ever heard of Bienen School of Music? If you've answered yes to any of these questions (and you better have answered yes to at least the last one!), come out to Northwestern Community Development Corps and ASG's event on April 8th at 6pm in Harris 107! Dr. Henry Bienen the Former President of Northwestern will be coming to speak about his time as the President, education reform needs for Chicago Public Schools, and even reforms needed in higher education. Don't miss out on this FREE way to learn more about Northwestern's past and how you can advocate for changes in the education area.

Attend the Facebook event here.

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice

Campus Voice is ASG's campus-wide feedback platform that lets students submit ideas, report problems, and ask questions.

Want to give ASG your feedback? Submit to Campus Voice here. 

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

Publicize your student group's event over the Campus Loop, ASG's weekly events listserv. The Campus Loop reaches over 4,000 students! To submit to the Campus Loop, click here. To subscribe to the listserv, click here. 
	
	
				
	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
		

	
				



-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
