Asunto: Fwd: Student-Confirmation
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 7/11/2014 9:55 AM
Para: chris robison <c.robison@myactv.net>

---------- Mensaje reenviado ----------
De: "APRILMC" <APRILMC@ucia.gov>
Fecha: jul 11, 2014 12:32 PM
Asunto: Student-Confirmation
Para: "Ethan Robison" <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Cc:

 

Hello Ethan,

This email is to inform you that you are eligible to receive travel reimbursement. Please feel free to move forward in arranging your hotel stay, should you choose to lodge. If a hotel is not needed, please let us know at your earliest convenience.

 

We ask that you please read the attached document “Instructions for Your Security” prior to your scheduled interview. For your convenience, we have also included directions to our location which can be found below.

 

 

Directions to Dulles Discovery

 

We advise that you do NOT use online mapping sites such as Google Maps or MapQuest to establish driving directions to the Dulles Discovery complex; they have proven to be unreliable in directing applicants to our facility.  When locating our building, the first area to locate on a map is Route 28 in the Chantilly area of Fairfax County, Virginia.  Exit onto Air and Space Museum Parkway, which is located between Rt. 50/Lee Jackson Highway and McLearen Rd.  Please note that when traveling either North or South on Route 28, there is only one exit for Air and Space Museum Parkway.  On Air and Space Museum Parkway, follow the exit ramp for EAST towards “Sully Historic Site”.  The gate for the Dulles Discovery complex is at the first stoplight on the LEFT.  Parking for the Visitors Center is the 1st RIGHT as you pass through the open gate.

 

Upon arriving at Dulles Discovery, please keep to the right and park at the Visitors Center (VC).  Upon entering the VC, you will be required to produce a valid photograph ID.  The primary identification is a valid state issued Department of Motor Vehicles driver's license or ID card.  After checking in, a shuttle bus will take you from the VC to the front entrance of Dulles Discovery 1.  Upon entering Dulles Discovery 1, please go to your left and take either the stairs or elevator up to the Applicant Operations Center (AOC) on the second floor.  Once in the AOC, please check-in at the desk and be seated.  You will be called when we are ready to start the information session. 

 

On the day of your visit:  If you need help with directions, please call the Applicant Operations Center, 866-236-1730 ext 181920.  Please do NOT use this number for post-interview contact with the Recruitment Center. 

We look forward to meeting you.

 

Real ID Act Advisory

“The Real ID Act is a federal law which creates national standards for state-issued driver’s licenses and requires federal agencies to apply new rules for individuals entering their facilities. The Real ID Act specifies that all federal agencies may only accept a state-issued driver’s license or identification card for access to its facilities if it is issued by states or territories that are Real ID Act compliant or have an extension. The current list of noncompliant states or territories includes Alaska, American Samoa, Arizona, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Montana, and Oklahoma. The Federal government has begun a 90-day notification period scheduled to end on 21 July 2014. On 21 July, the enforcement period will begin and driver’s licenses or identification cards from noncompliant states will be treated as invalid. Individuals holding licenses from noncompliant states or territories will need to present acceptable alternate forms of ID to include US and Foreign Passports, Military or Federal IDs, Military and DoD Common Access Cards (CAC), Personal Identity Verification (PIV) Cards, Government IDs and Credentials, and US Congressional IDs. If you have any questions, please contact at 866-236-1730/Ext: 181920 Monday through Friday, 9:00 am to 5:00pm Eastern Time. “

 

Legalized States MJ Advisory

Recently, Colorado and Washington legalized the sale of recreational marijuana under their state law. In addition, 20 states plus the District of Columbia have also legalized the use of marijuana for medical conditions, likewise under their state law. Despite the legalization of marijuana under state law, federal statute specifically prohibits CIA and other agencies from granting security clearances to users of controlled substances, including marijuana.  Further, the use of marijuana and other controlled substances in violation of federal law remains a possible disqualifying criterion under Intelligence Community clearance eligibility stands. Regardless of whether an individual is located in a state that has legalized marijuana or in a foreign country where local laws allow it, and regardless of whether the Department of Justice enforces applicable federal criminal prohibitions in those jurisdictions, any use of marijuana may adversely impact that Individual’s eligibility for a security clearance.”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Adjuntos:
Instructions for Your Security.doc	28.5 KB