Asunto: Re: Reminder: Supervisor Evaluations Are Due
De: Norris Student Employment Committee <norrisemployment@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/1/2014 9:10 AM
Para: Norris Student Employment Committee <norrisemployment@u.northwestern.edu>
BCC: EthanRobison2016@u.northwestern.edu

Good morning everyone,

Once again, thank you for all the work that you have put in getting your staff evaluations completed. 

If you have not met with your assigned employees, please do so as soon as possible.  The deadline to turn in the completed and signed Acknowledgement forms is 5:00pm, Friday, April 11, 2014.  These forms are available from the area's full-time staff supervisor.

Should you have any questions, please contact us at your earliest convenience.  If you are waiting for a coded version of a manual submission that you provided Frank, this will be coming shortly.

Best regards,

Norris Student Employment Committee




On Wed, Mar 5, 2014 at 6:31 PM, Norris Student Employment Committee <norrisemployment@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Good evening everyone,

    Thank you to all who finished your assigned evaluations.  You will be receiving them and your corresponding students' self-assessments in the next few days.  The information will be sent as a Microsoft Excel file with an attached form.  Please be sure to enable macros when you open the file.  If you do not have access to a Windows or Mac computer with Microsoft Excel, please consult with your full-time staff supervisor to see if a machine is available with this program.  If you do have the program, but are having trouble viewing the form, please reply to this email as soon as possible.

    For those of you who are still working on the evaluations of your assigned students, please get them completed and submitted as soon as possible.  March 1st was a soft deadline for you because we new that some supervisors had multiple evaluations to complete.  The deadline for all supervisor evaluations is 11:59pm Friday, March 7th.  Is possible, please use the link originally sent to you.  If you are unable to locate that email, we've included the link below.

    Best regards,


    Norris Student Employment Committee


    Midyear Norris Student Employee Evaluation (Supervisor form)



    -- 
     
    The Norris Student Employment Committee is committed to enhancing student employee education through experiential learning, community building, and opportunities to develop professional skills in a diverse, supportive environment.




-- 
 
The Norris Student Employment Committee is committed to enhancing student employee education through experiential learning, community building, and opportunities to develop professional skills in a diverse, supportive environment.
