Asunto: Last XRC Trip: Million Dollar Quartet -- Feb 21st, $15
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/9/2014 8:28 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

    Hello, Favorite Fairchildren!

    Here is the last XRC trip of the quarter! I really appreciate how responsive and responsible you all have been with these, and I think you'll love this one. Chicago theater is excellent, and this trip is no exception! 

 

    We only have a few spots, so email fast! I will also create a waitlist of 5 people on a first come, first served basis. Please only reserve a ticket if you can 1) pay me by Friday, February 14th and 2) commit to being at the bus (outside ISRC) at 6:15pm and not return to campus until 10:15 pm on February 21st. If you're going to ID, do not schedule your cook time for Friday night!

 

Million Dollar Quartet, Apollo Theater in Chicago on Friday, February 21  (6:15 – 10:15 pm) - $15


As one of my friends put it, "a musical for people who prefer concerts to musicals", this longish-running broadway musical dramatizes the historic meeting On December 4, 1956, when rock 'n' roll icons Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins gathered at Sun Records in Memphis for what would be one of the greatest jam sessions ever. The musical features a score of rock hits including "Blue Suede Shoes," "Fever," "That's All Right," "Sixteen Tons," "Great Balls of Fire," "Walk the Line," "Folsom Prison Blues," "Hound Dog" and more.


If you are interested in going on the trip, here is what you should do!

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy 
    Email me if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Give me the money to reserve your spot no later than Friday, February 14th (under my door in a sealed envelope with your name or in person).
    If you have *any questions, my email address is cb228@u.northwestern.edu
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 


The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and when you have paid for your ticket, Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

You can pay me in person, or you can put your payment in an envelope with your name on it and slide it under my ISRC office door (first floor, by the boys' side). 

Adjuntos:
XRC Ticket Policy 2013-14 (1).pdf	55.0 KB