Asunto: Re: MSAB Contact for SAE
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/13/2014 2:02 PM
Para: Tiernan Murrell <tiernanmurrell2016@u.northwestern.edu>

Hi Tiernan,

Thanks for getting back to me (don't worry about any delays, I understand).

To the best of my knowledge, it's a small adjustment and you can rely on me as your contact from here on out, if that works for you. Basically, you can get in touch with me any time should you want us to promote your guys' events or anything of that nature, or if you are interested in changing the way that the McCormick student group experience goes for you guys. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, please let me know. 

Best,


2014-11-10 12:59 GMT-06:00 Tiernan Murrell <tiernanmurrell2016@u.northwestern.edu>:

    Hi Ethan,

    I'm so sorry it took me so long to get back to you.. I fell behind on emails this weekend.  A few weeks ago,Greg Mulderink reached out to our team and told us he would be our MSAB contact.  I'm not sure if this was a miscommunication somewhere, but I'm happy to share with you the information I sent to him as well!

    Our team is structured such that we don't have a president or treasurer under those names, but I should be your contact for both positions.  My email is tiernanmurrell2016@u.northwestern.edu and my phone number is 1.708.642.4261.  

    I will share our team's google calendar with you.  We have a general calendar that has the important all-team events, as well as more specific team calendars for deadlines and testing, but I think that the one I shared with you should be sufficient.  

    Our biggest events will be the unveiling of our car on April 16th and our two competitions (Michigan Formula SAE from May 13-16 and Formula North from June 4-6). The unveil event is partnered with the NU Baja team and is when each team reveals their cars to the university.  It's a big event where everything we've worked on comes together, and is usually located outside of Ford in the afternoon.

    Our main competition is Michigan FSAE, where we compete against 120 teams from around the world.  The actual events are a combination of static and dynamic events.  The static events include a technical inspection, design judging, a cost report, and design judging, as well as noise and tilt testing.  The dynamic events include break testing, acceleration testing, skid pad, autocross, and an endurance race.  This competition is one of 12 that is officially recognized.  Our second competition is hosted by a University in Barrie, Ontario.  It runs the same events and mimics Michigan FSAE.  We send 20 team members to Michigan and the other 20 (with some overlap) to Canada.

    Let me know if you'd like any more information!  Thank you for reaching out to us!  

    Best wishes,
    Tiernan Murrell

    On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 10:56 AM, Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

        Hi Tiernan!

        I am Ethan Robison with the McCormick Student Advisory Board (MSAB). We're hoping to improve the student group experience for McCormick students and also to help them network. With that in mind, I'd like to get in touch with you and your group members.

        We have initiatives in place for everything from publicized event calendars to standardized funding models (all sorts of good stuff), and we're looking to improve the communication and collaboration between your group and MSAB.

        There are just a few things that we're looking for:
        - Contact information for your president and treasurer
        - Any website URLs that you might have (facebook, wordpress, or otherwise)
        - Event dates for recruiting, info sessions, or other cool happenings

        And, most importantly, please let me know of anything in your experience as a student group that you would like changed. That's what we're here for.

        Best, 

        -- 

        Ethan Robison
        McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science | Northwestern University
        B.S. in Computer Science




    -- 
    Project Manager
    Northwestern Formula Racing
    BS Biomedical Engineering
    Northwestern University 2016
    Cell: 1.708.642.4261




-- 

Ethan Robison
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science | Northwestern University
B.S. in Computer Science
