Asunto: Interested in consulting? Explore the industry with the UCS Consulting Bootcamp and McKinsey Meet and Greet!
De: Esteban Doyle <estebandoyle2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/24/2014 9:37 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi ISRC,

If you are interested in the field of consulting, please read to find out about two opportunities from University Career Services.

As part of University Career Services’ commitment to helping students explore career paths in all industries, we’re offering two opportunities next week for students interested in the field of consulting.

 

UCS Consulting Bootcamp: Join business professionals, alumni, and current students as you learn best practices for networking and preparing for the consulting industry through a series of seven workshops. Master the case interview, network with business professionals, generate a strong resume, and learn from students and professionals in the industry! Open to undergraduate students graduating between Dec. 2014 and June 2016. Information session Thursday, May 1 at 6:30 p.m. at 620 Lincoln St. Applications accepted May 1-11. More information: http://bit.ly/ucsconsult (See attached flyer)

 

Meet & Greet with the Women of McKinsey: McKinsey invites Northwestern women (sophomores and juniors) with an interest in consulting to grab coffee and chat with a few of its female consultants during an informal meet and greet on Friday, May 2 at 620 Lincoln St. from 2:30-4:30 p.m. No business professional attire or registration required – come as you are!

 

----

Kelli Marie Conkey

Marketing & Social Media Strategist

Northwestern University Career Services

630 Lincoln Street

Evanston, IL 60208

(847) 467-4736

kelli.conkey@northwestern.edu 

TwitterButton

 



-- 
Esteban Doyle 
Northwestern University Class of 2017
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Sciences 
Environmental Engineering 
International Studies Residential College | President

Adjuntos:
ConsultingBootcampFlyer.pdf	84.2 KB