Asunto: Puppies, Water fountains and the ASG Weekly: 5.4.14
De: Jacob Swiatek <jacobswiatek2017@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 5/4/2014 10:05 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey guys!

In order to boost the amount of people reading my emails I added a picture of a puppy (at the BOTTOM of the email. Please look at the whole email to get there).

Thanks to everyone who gave feedback as to whether or not Northwestern should support selling water bottles on campus. The resolution passed, so hopefully there'll be only reusable bottles on campus by April next year. I also got an amendment passed in order to renovate all old water fountains by then.

Finally, if you're interested on serving on an ASG committee, apply before midnight this Tuesday!

May the fourth be with you,
Jacob




	

Web Version  |  Update preferences  |  Unsubscribe

	
	

Facebook icon 	
	
Like
	
	Twitter icon 	
	
Tweet
	
	Forward icon 	
	
Forward

	
     

	

IN THIS ISSUE

	

•
	
	

RedesigNU Student Voting is Open

	

•
	
	

Sign Up for 'Cats Come to Dinner!

	

•
	
	

Apply for ASG Committees!

	

•
	
	

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables

	

•
	
	

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice

	

•
	
	

Submit Events to the Campus Loop



	
	


	

RedesigNU Student Voting is Open

Vote now for your favorite app from RedesigNU!

Check out the finalists and submit your vote here. Top projects can win up to $2,000 in prizes!

Student voting is open online until midnight tonight! Any questions? Email Christina Kim at asg-services@u.northwestern.edu.

Sign Up for 'Cats Come to Dinner!

	

	

Want a FREE home-cooked meal? How about meeting Evanston families? Now’s your chance.

Sign up soon for ‘Cats Come to Dinner, May 16-18!

Brought to you by ASG, ‘Cats Come to Dinner is a quarterly event that brings Evanston families and Northwestern students together for dinners. Meals are free to students and are typically hosted by families in their Evanston homes. Space is limited!

Sign up here by May 5.

Question? Email us: asg-communityrelations@u.northwestern.edu.

Apply for ASG Committees!

Are you interested in working to better Northwestern? Excited to work with fellow students, administrators, professors, or Evanston residents to make positive change?

Apply to be on an ASG committee for the 2014-15 school year! Applications are available for the following committees:

Academic; Community Relations; Diversity & Inclusion; Public Relations; Services; Student Life; Sustainability.

More information and links to committee descriptions are available on the ASG website. To apply, fill out the application here. Applications are due this Tuesday (5/6) at midnight.

If you have any questions, contact our Chief of Staff, Rafael Henriquez, at asg-cos@u.northwestern.edu.

Sign Up for Spring Administrator Round Tables

To sign up for Spring 2014's ASG Admin Round Tables, please fill out the form here.

Submit Feedback to Campus Voice

Campus Voice is ASG's campus-wide feedback platform that lets students submit ideas, report problems, and ask questions.

Want to give ASG your feedback? Submit to Campus Voice here. 

Submit Events to the Campus Loop

Publicize your student group's event over the Campus Loop, ASG's weekly events listserv. The Campus Loop reaches over 4,000 students! To submit to the Campus Loop, click here. To subscribe to the listserv, click here. 

	

	

	
	
	
	

	


If you are no longer a student or believe you've received this message in error, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending a plain text e-mail to listserv@listserv.it.northwestern.edu without any subject line. Type the following command in the message: UNSUBSCRIBE asgnews

Edit your subscription | Unsubscribe
	
	


	

	
	
	
	



PSA: I lifted the image from this Sherman Ave article. If you're a procrastinator I'm sorry for enabling you. 

Inline image 1
-- 
Jacob Swiatek
Northwestern University, Class of 2017
WCAS | Chemistry
