Asunto: FW: The ExxonMobil LOFT Fellowship- 2014 Application is Now Open
De: David O'Brien <davidobrien2010@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/6/2014 12:36 PM
Para: <AICHE@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Check this out if you are looking for additional funding!


ExxonMobil LOFT Fellowship 2014 Application Now Open

View this email in your browser

ExxonMobil LOFT Fellowship

ExxonMobil, one of the world’s largest publically traded International oil & gas companies, has partnered with the Hispanic Heritage Foundation (HHF) to create fellowships in STEM fields (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) for Hispanic college students. Through HHF’s Latinos On Fast Track (LOFT) program, ExxonMobil seeks to nurture motivated college students across the country, with a passion for Engineering and Science.

Selected students will be exposed to a top quality company by participating in this signature mentoring program. Each student will be paired up with one ExxonMobil engineer/scientist to learn how their knowledge is applied in a corporate setting. 


Fellowship Components

The Fellowship consists of: five 1-hour meetings with mentor (virtual or in person), participation in the Harvard-certified ExxonMobil mentee program (on-line), an exclusive curriculum to introduce Fellows to the organization and company career opportunities, and a $ 1,000 educational grant. In addition, there exists the possibility to interview for ExxonMobil positions (internships/full-time) upon successful completion of the Fellowship.


Fellowship Requirements

This opportunity is highly competitive and open to sophomores, juniors, seniors and graduate students attending a 4 year college or university.

- Fellowship applicants with the following majors will be given priority: 
- Mechanical Engineering
- Chemical Engineering
- Civil Engineering
- Electrical Engineering

Applicants with these majors will be considered also: Computer Engineering, Chemistry, Environmental Engineering, Geology, Industrial Engineering, Material Sciences, Mathematics, Materials Engineering, Petroleum Engineering, Physics


Other Requirements:
- Must plan to pursue a career in the fields/majors listed above
- Have a GPA of 3.5 or higher

- Be a U.S. citizen or legal permanent resident of the United States with a valid Social Security Number at the time of application. All legal permanent residents must submit a copy of their valid permanent resident card or passport stamped I-551 (not expired).

All interested candidates apply here: If you have any questions please email Julian@hispanicheritage.org. Please use "ExxonMobil LOFT Fellowship" in subject line.


The Application will close April 15, 2014 @11:59PM

Copyright © 2014 The Hispanic Heritage Foundation, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you were a part of a LOFT Institute STEM Symposium.

Our mailing address is:

The Hispanic Heritage Foundation

1444 Duke Street, Alexandria, VA

Alexandria, VA 22314


Add us to your address book



unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences 

Email Marketing Powered by MailChimp




-- 

David O'Brien
NU AIChE Chapter | Co-President
Northwestern University | Chemical Engineering
Cell: +1 (317) 727-3056
Email: dcobrien@u.northwestern.edu
