Asunto: Re: tIMe for IM
De: William Garrison <williamgarrison2016@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 4/13/2014 8:59 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

I can take it for today, that should be no problem. Those who are playing, see you in the lobby at 2:30! Please show up if you can, softball is a ton of fun and not stressful or high-tempo in the slightest.

Also: for those who are NOT playing today, but who have gloves with them, it would be enormously appreciated if you would be willing to donate them just for today. Gloves are NOT provided by the IM department, and although they're often shared between the two teams, it really, really sucks when there aren't enough. Thanks so much!

Much love,
Will


On Sun, Apr 13, 2014 at 2:22 AM, Dylan Nir <dylannir2017@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    So tomorrow is the last Sunday I will have work. Every other Sunday I will be free for softball games but I will miss our first one. That means someone will have to step up just for tomorrow I am terribly sorry I didn't realize the game would conflict with work and unfortunately I can't skip work this time. Please show up it will be a lot of fun.
    On Apr 13, 2014 12:11 AM, "Young-Hoon Kim" <younghoonkim2017@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

        By the way. We're playing PARC/Willard tomorrow. peace


        On Sun, Apr 13, 2014 at 12:08 AM, Young-Hoon Kim <younghoonkim2017@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

            ha ha
            Hey guys
            It is time for IM!!
            OK so the previous schedule I had sent out was a little bit incorrect- I was looking at a different schedule I think.

            Times are as follows:
            Softball Sundays at 3, Long Field
            Soccer Tuesdays at 7/8pm, lakeside field hockey field
            Ultimate: Tuesdays at 5, Long Field

            NO metal cleats for soccer are permitted. OR for softball. OR ultimate. NO. METAL. CLEATS. They don't say anything about non-metal cleats though. I dunno.

            I was caught off guard. Sorry about this guys, but our first game starts TOMORROW. Softball, Sunday at 3. Long Field. Meet in the lobby at 2:30, it takes a while to get to Long Field and we'll have some time to warm up.
            I may or may not have work tomorrow. I'm trying to get my shift covered. In case that I can't make it, Dylan will be your IM captain. Otherwise I should be able to make the softball games. Shout out to Dylan, who has also worked on getting us IM jerseys/t-shirts.

            Ultimate starts this Tuesday. 5 pm. I'll send out an e-mail on Monday.
            Soccer starts this Tuesday. 8pm. I'll send out an e-mail on Monday.

            If you want to look at the schedules, check them out below
            Softball: http://nuim.northwestern.edu/team.php?team=4715
            Ultimate: http://nuim.northwestern.edu/team.php?team=4724
            Soccer: http://nuim.northwestern.edu/rules.php?sport=Soccer

            Gender rules for Softball: Must alternate batters. Need to have equal number of men and women, so PLEASE we need a lot of attendance from both our men and our women. Again, hopefully I can make it; if not, I apologize. We are paired with Shepard for Softball.
            We pitch to our own team. You get 3 pitches to hit.  Other than that, not too much different. I'll let you know about the other sports' rules on Monday.

            Great. Thanks so much guys. Lobby at 2:30 tomorrow for softball. If I can't make it, Dylan's in charge.

            Paul Kim





-- 
William Garrison
Northwestern University - Class of 2016
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science
Mechanical Engineering
williamgarrison2016@u.northwestern.edu
