Asunto: Fwd: International Dinner - Your "ticket" in + Talent Show!
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/9/2014 10:43 AM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi all!

Remember that today is the LAST DAY to send me your recipes for International Dinner, ISRC's yearly formal. You are more than welcome to make a dish and attend if you don't send me your recipe, but you will have to buy your own ingredients!! Please get these in to me as soon as you can. I will accept recipes up through 11:59pm TONIGHT.

Also, if you want to perform in the ID Talent Show, let Cheryl (cb228@u.northwestern.edu) know ASAP!!

ISRC-Love,

Nathan

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Date: Mon, Feb 3, 2014 at 3:35 PM
Subject: International Dinner - Your "ticket" in + Talent Show!
To: ISRC-UPPER@listserv.it.northwestern.edu


Hello ISRCers,


So, this time I write, not with cheap tickets, but with information about the best ISRC event of the year. 

As you may know, ISRC's International Dinner is our JAM. Every Res Hall or Res College has a formal, but no one has a formal like this. Most formals charge you a bunch of money to go to a restaurant and eat mediocre food and maybe dance a little. Not ISRC. ISRC does it better. 

Every year, ISRC gets all dressed up, cooks copious amounts of food (I'm talking two rooms full of food), and noms on everyone's tasty treats in the fancy John Evans Alumni Center (behind Jones) with Fellows and Master Staff.  Plus, this year we've got some awesome extras planned (can we say, "photobooth"?). I really hope to see everyone in their fanciest outfits on Sunday, February 23rd, 6-9pm, dish in hand! 

But, even thought ISRC doesn't sell tickets, you still need a "ticket" to attend. To attend International Dinner, you must bring an international dish of food to the event. The Exec Board does you a solid, and will even buy you the ingredients and kitchen supplies, so long as you send Nathan Lamp your ingredient list no later than Sunday, February 9th. You can either cook alone or with a friend from ISRC. After February 9th, you can still attend if you make a dish, but you have to buy your own food to cook. If you choose to go the obviously not-smart route and buy your own food, make sure you still email Nathan the dish you're cooking. 

---------------

To make it even more fun, we are hosting our Second Annual Talent Show at International Dinner. Entertain us, plz.

To show off your talentz:
Plan a 3-5 minute talent show, alone or with friends, whether it's singing, telling jokes or riding a unicycle.  Then, email me your plan, so I can get all excited about figure out the timing and boring details. At ID, you'll perform, there will be claps and cheers, and you can even win prizes (like a $25 gift card to Whole Foods, or other fun, unname-able prizes). 

We can only have a limited number of people perform, so email me now with your talentz!

----------------

Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC
Northwestern University



-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University, Class of 2015
School of Communication: Performance Studies
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences: Biological Anthropology, Slavic Studies (minor)
International Studies Residential College, President
Theatre and Interpretation Center, Lab Theater Aide
Wildcat Welcome 2013, Peer Adviser
Spectrum Theatre Company, Special Events Director


