Asunto: Info Session for ISRC Exec Elections- 1/31 @ 3:30pm!
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/26/2014 12:50 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Dearest Fairchildren,

Guys, it's my favorite time of year in ISRC. Not only is it International Dinner season, it's election season! It's time to consider just how much you love living in ISRC, and whether you want to join us Master Staff in continuing the tradition of amazing Executive Boards who are constantly working to make ISRC a better for your to live. 

We're inviting all prospective Exec candidates to an informal information session with Exec and Master Staff on Friday, January 31st from 3:30-4:30pm, with food from Mumbai Indian Grill.  Pop in any time during that hour to pick up a petition to run, and ask any questions about the joys, responsibilities, and challenges of being in ISRC's executive board. It's also a great chance for us Master Staff to get to know you better! 

Not only does Exec plan fun events, serve you tasty food and implement improvements for ISRC, but it's an amazing opportunity to work with a group of dedicated, creative people with a hefty budget for programming . Our RC Master, Alec, even says being on Exec is like running a medium size company, since you guys have a huge budget planning events for 100 residents (hello, resume boost and built-in rec letter)!  It's a great way to get leadership and teamwork experience in the place you live and I just can't recommend the experience enough. 

Remember, you can run for any of the 11 positions on the Executive board:
President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer, Social Chair, Academic Chair, Philanthropy Chair, Fellows Chair, Tech Chair, Alumni Chair, and Eco Chair.

Don't forget that you can run for office ONLY if you meet the three requirements of 1) Were on 3rd list in Fall Quarter 2) Plan on living in ISRC next year and 3) Can commit to your position through Winter of 2015. 

If you have any questions, feel free to harass any current or previous Executive Board members, and you're always welcome to bother Alec, Erin or I at any time. 

Best,

Cheryl Berriman
PhD Candidate
Slavic Languages and Literatures
Assistant Master, ISRC
Northwestern University
