Asunto: Re: Summer Meet Up
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 6/16/2014 9:44 PM
Para: William Garrison <williamgarrison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
CC: Jonas Carlsson <jonascarlsson2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Michael McCauley <michaelmccauley2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Eric Morales <ericmorales2016@u.northwestern.edu>, Chang Tang <changtang2012@u.northwestern.edu>, Weldon Terrill <WeldonTerrill2012@u.northwestern.edu>

Nathan is in Chicago for the summer (not that this is prohibitve, but I think that he might be super busy). We should get in touch with him and see what he's up to.

As far as transportation goes, Will, I can totally pick you up on my way there (I hate buses and the like if I don't have to take them, so I'm going to drive regardless).

We should definitely consider mid July to late August as our temporal sweet spots. No need to commit right away, but if there are any weeks that don't work, no bones about it, let us know now so that we can plan for that.

Ethan


2014-06-17 0:35 GMT-04:00 William Garrison <williamgarrison2016@u.northwestern.edu>:

    Hey Jonas (and everyone else),

    Yup, I'm most definitely interested in making this happen. As far as dates are concerned, I probably can't commit to any non-weekend days, since I'd have to count on getting days off from I job I don't actually have yet. Pretty much every weekend this summer should work for me, though, save for the last weekend in June (which is probably way earlier than we were thinking anyway) and probably the third weekend in July.

    As far as transportation goes: I did some looking today, and it seems to be incredibly difficult to get to Cincinnati from Pittsburgh, as there aren't any bus, train, or plane options that really work. (Best case is probably Greyhound from Pittsburgh to Cleveland to Cincinnati, which is pretty rough/expensive.) There's a very slight chance of me being able to borrow a car for a weekend, but aside from that, I don't really have a solid way to get there from here. That said, the only cities that would really be any easier for me would be Cleveland (which, I mean, ewww) and possibly Chicago. (Pittsburgh would obviously be great too, but if it's really hard for me to get to other cities from here, it's probably hard for you guys to get here as well haha.)

    So yeah, throw your inputs in. Also, what's Nathan up to this summer? We could totally invite him if he'll be available, especially since he lives pretty much right in the middle of all of us. But yeah, that's all I got. Sorry for the dissertation, hope you guys are doing well, and hope to hear from you soon!

    Go USA,
    Will


    On Mon, Jun 16, 2014 at 11:48 AM, Jonas Carlsson <jonascarlsson2016@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

        Hey Guys,

        The idea of a summer meetup has been thrown around, but let's see if we have some actual interest. So respond with your level of commitment, location preferences, and ideal dates. Also if there is anyone else who I missed and you think would be interested let me know.

        Side note: I found all our locations in latitude and longitude and averaged them to find the "best" place to meet up. And it is ... LIGONIER, INDIANA! (41.444, -85.553)

        Hope your summers are off to a good start,
        Jonas





    -- 
    William Garrison
    Northwestern University - Class of 2016
    McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science - Mechanical Engineering
    williamgarrison2016@u.northwestern.edu
    (724)-513-3347




-- 

Ethan Robison
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science | Northwestern University
B.S. in Computer Science
