Asunto: Take One of These ISRC-only Classes in Spring! (Distros III and IV)
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/18/2014 9:00 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

My Favorite Fairchildren:

It's time to start planning your courses for Spring Quarter, and I'm writing to make sure you know about these ISRC tutorials (i.e. ISRC-only, for credit seminars) offered next quarter. We have two!

Tutorials are an awesome perk of living at a Res College. Fellows plan a special, seminar-like, discussion-based, wear-your-pajamas kind of class on a topic of interest. It's just for you guys. It's a great way to learn from awesome faculty, building your relationship with them (cough, rec letters!), and to get a chance to talk about lofty topics with your besties from the dorm. By taking a tutorial, you get course credit, and even distribution credit! 

If you want to hear more, be sure to attend the FIRESIDE hosted by both professors on Thursday, February 20th at 8pm. You can hear more about the class and syllabus, and snag an add code. 

Here are the details:

TUTORIAL #1: Panorama of Brazilian Culture with Dr. Ana Williams

    (email ana-williams@northwestern.edu for an add code)

 

    What: WCAS GEN LA 280-3, course 32605, section 20 
    When: Thursdays, 6-9 pm in ISRC seminar room (You don't even leave the building!
    Why: Distro Credit: 3 - Social and Behaviorial Science
     
    Official blurb: 
    Throughout the quarter, we will build the profile of a country that plays an important role in the global arena today. Students will learn about the transcultural encounters between the European colonizer, the Amerindians (or indigenous people), the African slaves, and the XIX-XX century immigrants, and discuss how these encounters have contributed to constitute the array of traditions and beliefs which define Brazil's cultural identity. After presenting this broad view of the formation of Brazilian people, the course will focus on three major elements of Brazilian culture: Music, in special the significance of Samba, Bossa Nova and the MPB (Brazilian Popular Music); Carnival, a voluptuous spectacle of music and dances; and Soccer, Brazil’s trademark sport, a passion that unifies the whole country. To conclude, we will explore Brazil’s cultural traits that are visible in the US today.


TUTORIAL #2: Issues in Foreign Policy and World Affairs with Professor Frank Safford

    (email f-safford@northwestern.edu for an add code) 

 

    What: WCAS GEN LA 280-4, course 38758, section 20 
    When: TBA, in ISRC seminar room (You don't even leave the building!)
    Why: Distro Credit: IV - Historical Studies
     

    Official blurb: 
    This course introduces students to issues in foreign policy and world affairs, both in the long historical run in the 20th century, and more particularly, since 1945, and to think critically about these issues. Students will discuss themes like the roles of "hard" power (military and economic) and "soft" power (the potential roles of ideals, values and institutions in foreign policy), American policies and dilemmas during Vietnam and the Cold War, and the formation and effects of British policies in the Middle East during World War I.


For any other questions about tutorials, feel free to email me! 

C



Adjuntos:
Panorama of Brazilian Culture.docx	123 KB
Foreign Policy Tutorial.pdf	1.2 MB