Asunto: College Expectations Survey
De: m-destin@u.northwestern.edu
Fecha: 2/5/2014 12:29 PM
Para: college-expectations-survey-follow-up.me@u.northwestern.edu

If you have trouble viewing or submitting this form, you can fill it out online:
https://docs.google.com/a/u.northwestern.edu/spreadsheet/viewform?fromEmail=true&formkey=dGNhdTlma3R3UEVRWlVtdUFEMDhScFE6MA

College Expectations Survey

If you haven't already done so, please take a quick 5-10 minutes to complete our short follow-up survey below and be entered to win one of several $50 GIFT CARDS! Thanks to those of you have already completed the survey this quarter. - Dear student, During your time at Northwestern, you completed one or two short surveys about your expectations for college. Now, we are asking you to participate in a very similar, short follow-up study (5-10 minutes) that will help us immensely with our project studying what factors contribute to student success in college. Also, as a token of gratitude for your participation, we will be giving away TEN $50 Visa gift cards! Lastly, as you complete the short survey, you will also be given the opportunity to sign up for a related lab study that would pay you $15 if you are interested. Just complete the few questions below, submit your answers, and you will be entered to win one of the ten $50 gift cards and given the chance to sign up for the paid lab study. We thank you very much for helping us with this important project! Dr. Mesmin Destin Assistant Professor Northwestern University --- Introduction Welcome to this survey, part of a research study led by Dr. Mesmin Destin in the School of Education & Social Policy at Northwestern University. I am conducting research on attitudes of college students. If you agree to participate, you will be asked to complete a survey that should take about 5-10 minutes of your time, and you may be offered the opportunity to participate in follow-up studies during your time at Northwestern. If you provide consent, the researchers will access your grades and course selection from the registrar’s office during your four years in college. You may withdraw at any time by contacting Mesmin Destin at 847-467-2824, and no more information will be collected from you. Risks The risks should not be greater than everyday life Benefits There may be no direct benefit to you. Alternatives The alternatives to participating in this study are to not participate. You may opt out of this study. Confidentiality Unless required by law, only the study investigator and the Northwestern University Institutional Review Board have the authority to review your study records. They are required to maintain confidentiality regarding your identity. Results of this study may be presented at conferences or academic publications. Your name will never be used; results will be completely anonymous and your identity will be protected by using a code number rather than any identifying information. Subjects Rights Your participation in this research study is completely voluntary. You can withdraw at any time. Choosing not to be in this study or to stop being in this study will not result in any penalty to you or loss of benefit to which you are entitled. Your choice not to be in this study will not negatively affect any rights to which you are otherwise entitled, including your class standing. Whom to contact with questions If you have any questions you should call us promptly. Mesmin Destin is the person in charge of this research study and can be reached at 847-467-2824. Questions about your rights as a research subject may be directed to the Northwestern Institutional Review Board (IRB) at (312) 503-9338. Compensation As a token of appreciation for participating in this study, you will be entered in a lottery to receive one of TEN $50 Visa gift cards. There may be around 200 participants entered into the drawing. The drawing will occur and winners will be contacted before the end of the current school year.
Your u.northwestern.edu username will be recorded when you submit this form.

If you wish to participate, and provide the researchers permission to confidentially access your course selection and grades from the registrar’s office, please select the Accept button to begin the survey. Print a copy of this consent page for your records. *

    Accept


College Expectations Survey

Please describe in 2-3 sentences the type of person that you would like to be during college.

Please describe what led you to your interest in your declared or expected major.

How much do you agree with the following statements?
		Strongly Disagree 	Somewhat Disagree 	Neutral 	Somewhat Agree 	Strongly Agree 	
You have a certain amount of ability in math and science, and you can’t really do much to change it 							
Your ability in math and science is something about you that you can’t change very much. 							
No matter who you are, you can significantly change your ability level in math and science. 							
To be honest, you can’t really change how strong you are in math and science. 							
You can always substantially change your ability in math and science. 							
You can learn now things, but you can’t really change your basic ability in math and science. 							
No matter how much math and science ability you have, you can always change it quite a bit. 							
You can change even your basic math and science ability level considerably. 							

How much do you agree with the statements below?
		Strongly Disagree 	Somewhat Disagree 	Neutral 	Somewhat Agree 	Strongly Agree 	
I belong in my chosen/expected major and academic department. 							
I belong in a field related to math or science. 							
I feel comfortable in my chosen/expected major and academic department. 							
I feel comfortable in a field related to math or science. 							
I expect that I will succeed in my chosen major. 							
I expect that I will succeed in my math or science coursework. 							
I expect that I will be successful in my ideal career path. 							
I expect that I will be successful in a math or science career. 							

What starting annual salary do you think that you will earn in your first job if you stay with your currently expected major?

    Less than $40,000
    $40,000 - $59,000
    $60,000 - $79,000
    $80,000 - $99,000
    $100,000 and up


How much do you agree with the following statements?
		Strongly Disagree 	Somewhat Disagree 	Neutral 	Somewhat Agree 	Strongly Agree 	
Math and/or science are important parts of who I am. 							
In most ways my life is close to my ideal. 							
The conditions of my life are excellent. 							
So far I have gotten the important things I want in life. 							

What is your current or expected major?

How likely is it that you will change your major at some point?

    Very Unlikely
    Somewhat Unlikely
    Neutral
    Somewhat Likely
    Very Likely


What was your fall Grade Point Average?

How satisfied were you with your fall GPA?

    Very Unsatisfied
    Somewhat Unsatisfied
    Neutral
    Somewhat Satisfied
    Very Satisfied


Do you expect MEN or WOMEN to SCORE HIGHER on the following standardized tests? For the following questions, keep in mind the following definitions of different intelligences. Mathematical intelligence: the ability to solve problems using mathematical tools such as numbers, equations, and graphs. Spatial intelligence: the ability to process information about 2-D and 3-D space such as forming and manipulating well-structured mental images. Verbal intelligence: the ability to use and understand language.
		MEN score much higher 	MEN score somewhat higher 	Men and women score equally 	WOMEN score somewhat higher 	WOMEN score much higher 	
GENERAL intelligence tests 							
MATHEMATICAL intelligence tests 							
SPATIAL intelligence tests 							
VERBAL intelligence tests 							

Do you expect WHITE STUDENTS or BLACK & LATINO STUDENTS to SCORE HIGHER on the following standardized tests?
		WHITE STUDENTS score much higher 	WHITE STUDENTS score somewhat higher 	White students and Black/Latino students score equally 	BLACK/LATINO STUDENTS score somewhat higher 	BLACK/LATINO STUDENTS score much higher 	
GENERAL intelligence tests 							
MATHEMATICAL intelligence tests 							
SPATIAL intelligence tests 							
VERBAL intelligence tests 							

Please select YES below if you would like to be contacted for a future component of this current study that would take place in-person. This research component would pay $15, last approximately 30 to 45 minutes, and would also ask you to complete measures of problem solving in science and engineering. Your participation in this future research component, including being contacted about it, is completely voluntary. You are under no obligations to participate.

    Yes, I would like to be contacted with the opportunity to participate in the follow-up lab study
    No, I would not like to be contacted about the follow-up lab study.


Send me a copy of my responses.
Never submit passwords through Google Forms.
Powered by Google Docs Report Abuse - Terms of Service - Additional Terms

