Asunto: RE: Next year renewal 2213 2B
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/25/2014 1:46 PM
Para: Jennifer Jackson <JJackson@baapartments.com>
CC: michaelmccauley2016@u.northwestern.edu

Hey Jennifer,

As of right now, we are not planning to renew our lease.

Thank you,
Ethan Robison
El nov 25, 2014 3:45 PM, "Jennifer Jackson" <JJackson@baapartments.com> escribió:

    Hello,

     

    The deadline for letting us know if you are renewing or not is this Friday, November 28th.  As of today, we do not have an answer or a signed lease from you.

     

    If you are planning to renew, you will need to let me know right away and sign your renewal lease this week.  If you are moving, please let me know that also.  We have a waitlist and want to assign apartments as soon as we can.

     

    Please be advised that we will begin showing your apartment Saturday, November 29th and Monday, December 1st between 9am and 6pm.  The leasing department will make every effort to contact you 24 hours ahead of time when they have an actual appointment to show the unit within this general notice time.  While this is possible most of the time, please keep in mind that we do have walk in appointments and 24 hours’ notice may not be possible during the general notice dates given above.  The leasing department will give a courtesy call in these cases to let you know that they may be in to show the unit.  Please make sure that we have the correct email and phone number(s) to contact you for showing.

     

    It is not our intent to disrupt your lives in this showing process therefore if there are some times that are not convenient for us to show the unit, please make us aware.  We are willing to work with your schedules when possible.

     

    Thank you in advance for your cooperation in this matter.

     

     

    Jennifer Jackson

    Evanston Neighborhood Properties

    PH:  847.864.8800

    FAX:  847.475.2468

     

     

     

    From: Jennifer Jackson
    Sent: Thursday, November 06, 2014 4:16 PM
    To: 'ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu'; 'michaelmccauley2016@u.northwestern.edu'
    Subject: Next year renewal 2213 2B

     

    Your current lease does not expire until August 31, 2015, however, we would like to invite you to extend your tenancy with Evanston Neighborhood Properties.  We know that this letter is being sent to you early, however we have a high demand for the 2015-2016 school year and we want to give you the opportunity to continue your lease with us before we put it back on the market. 

     

    Your new rent will be $1,4750.00

     

    We would need to know your intentions by November 28, 2014.  You will have 7 days after to sign your new lease once you have given notice that you will be renewing.  If everyone who resides in the apartment (except cosignors, we will get in contact with them to sign) has not signed within the 7 days (before December 5, 2014) or we have not heard back from you at all, please be advised that we will assume that you are moving and will re-rent your unit for the upcoming school year. 

     

    Please respond to this email and let us know your desire for the upcoming school year.  If some roommates would like to remain and others will be leaving, and you would like to keep the unit because you will be getting other roommates, please indicate that in the email.  You will be responsible for letting the Management office know who is moving and what new roommates will be moving in.  Please keep in mind that any new roommates will have to apply with us and be approved before they can move in.  Also, if you do not replace any roommates that are leaving, the remaining roommates will be responsible for the full rent on the unit.

     

    We would also like to remind you that you do have the opportunity to sublet your apartment if the need arises.  However, if you do decide to sublet, please contact the Management office.

     

    Lastly, if you have any classmates looking for an apartment for the upcoming school year, please feel free to refer them to Evanston Neighborhood Properties. If they apply and move into one of our locations for at least 12 months, you will be paid a $300 referral fee (after they have moved in and been in the unit for at least 30 days)!  If you know people who will rent the apartment that you currently live in, please let me know as soon as possible.  This way the apartment will not be rented from under them.  They will need to apply right away and if they are approved, you will receive the referral fee 30 days after they move in.

     

    Thank you for your attention to this matter.  If you have any further questions, please email me at jjackson@baapartments.com or contact me at 847.864.8831 ext. 17.  I look forward to hearing from you soon.

     

     

    Respectfully,

     

     

    Jennifer Jackson

    Evanston Neighborhood Properties

     

     

