Asunto: Fwd: Boren Scholarships for up to $20K - learn more!
De: Madeline McFee <madelinemcfee2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 12/2/2014 4:40 PM
Para: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>

I'M FAMOUS!!!!




---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: NU Study Abroad Office <studyabroad@northwestern.edu>
Date: Tue, Dec 2, 2014 at 5:44 PM
Subject: Boren Scholarships for up to $20K - learn more!
To: madelinemcfee2016@u.northwestern.edu


	
 

Megan Diemer, Maddie McFee, and Andie Forsee,
all NU students currently studying abroad! Photo taken in Howth, Ireland. 
ANNOUNCEMENTS & INFO SESSIONS
Boren Scholarship Info Session
Thursday, December 4th, 12:00-1:00pm
Study Abroad Office (629 Colfax)
Boren Scholarships provide up to $20,000 to U.S. undergraduate students to study abroad in areas of the world that are critical to U.S. interests and underrepresented in study abroad, including Africa, Asia, Central & Eastern Europe, Eurasia, Latin America, and the Middle East. Come learn more about the scholarships and how to apply.
Pizza provided!
#GivingTuesday
Today is #GivingTuesday!
There is a day for giving thanks. There are two for getting deals. Now, there is #GivingTuesday, a global day dedicated to giving back. Today, December 2, charities, families, businesses, community centers, and students around the world come together for one common purpose: to celebrate generosity and to give. Find out more
Program questions? Attend an info session!
Global Engagement Studies Institute (GESI)
Tuesday, December 2, 5:30pm OR Wednesday, December 3, 12:30pm
The Buffett Center (1902 Sheridan)
What do you want from your study abroad experience: intern abroad, do community development, earn academic credit? With GESI, you can do all three! Learn more about this service-learning program that allows students to work in community development and address global challenges with organizations located in Bolivia, the Dominican Republic, India, Kenya, Nicaragua, South Africa, and Uganda. Light refreshments will be served!
Finding Nano
Thursday, December 4th, 12:00 - 1:30pm
Tech L440
Interested in the Finding Nano: Nanotechnology & Culture Summer program in Munich? Come to this information to learn more from Professor Matthew Grayson!  Pizza and refreshments served. Check out the Study Abroad Office website for more details on the program.
Public Health in Mexico - Summer Study Abroad
Thursday, December 4th, 12:00pm
Rock Room, Norris
Join IPD and Lilliana Alvarez from Universidad Panamericana in Mexico City at this info session and learn more about Northwestern's new Public Health in Mexico study abroad program. The program will launch in summer 2015.
Dive into original research with renowned UP Medical School faculty; gain insight into Mexico's public health system in light of recent reform; grow your understanding of Spanish language and Mexico's history and culture -- and do it ALL this summer while earning 4 credits. LUNCH PROVIDED!  
Cuba Summer Study Abroad
Friday, December 5th, 12:00pm
Rock Room, Norris
Intrigued by the prospect of studying abroad in a totally unique and untraditional location? Interested in improving your Spanish skills? Excited about studying topics in Caribbean and Cuban history, culture, literature, healthcare, social policy, and film? Come join us for lunch at this info session and meet IPD Cuba Program Ambassador Lucy Blumberg and past participant Mary Bradford. Both studied abroad in Cuba this past summer. LUNCH PROVIDED!
In case you missed it...!
Study Abroad Fair follow-up
Did you plan to check out the Study Abroad Fair but didn't get the chance? Or, did you go to the Fair but want a quick refresher on everything? Don't worry; we've got you covered. Check out this document to find out what to do next!
Global Engagement Summit
Applications due December 9th!

Are you a university student looking to develop an idea for a social change project? The Global Engagement Summit (GES) can help you make that idea happen. GES is a week-long conference that brings together student delegates from around the world and equips them with tangible skills to develop and implement meaningful social ventures. The Summit will take place April 15 - 19 at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL. More info 
Save the date...Arcadia Advising Days
Tuesday, January 13th, 9:00am - 5:00pm
Study Abroad Office (629 Colfax)

Are you interested in a study abroad program administered by Arcadia University and want to learn more before submitting your NU Application? Set up an appointment with Arcadia representative, Wendy Lombardo, who will be on campus to meet with students on January 13th and 14th!  Just call 847-467-6400 to set up your appointment with Wendy!

The following study abroad programs are administered by Arcadia University:

Australia: University of Queensland, University of Melbourne, University of New South Wales, University of Sydney; New Zealand: Victoria University of Wellington; United Kingdom & Ireland: Goldsmiths College, King's College, King's College - Health & Society, Queen Mary, University College London, Oxford Visiting Student Program, University College Cork, Trinity College Dublin, University of Edinburgh, University of Stirling, Swansea University; Greece: Arcadia in Greece, Arcadia Internship Program 
Want a student's perspective on study abroad?
Talk to a Peer Adviser!

If you are interested in studying abroad but do not know how to go about choosing a program, when to begin the application process, or if you just want to hear about another student's experience abroad, you should consider meeting with a Peer Adviser. All Peer Advisers are trained to answer your questions about study abroad opportunities at NU, and are happy to talk about their experiences and answer questions via phone, email, or in person. Please visit the link above to view a list of Peer Advisers, complete with the their host country and contact information. 
GRANT, FELLOWSHIP & SCHOLARSHIP OPPORTUNITIES
Carnegie Junior Fellowship
Deadline: December 4th, 2014
The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Junior Fellows conduct research, co-author journal articles and policy papers, participate in meetings with high-level officials, and contribute to Congressional testimony.  The Program is designed to provide a substantive work experience for students who have a serious career interest in the area of international affairs.  Approximately 10-12 students will be hired to work at the Carnegie Endowment in Washington, DC on a full-time basis for a period of one year.  Junior fellows are paid $36,000, plus benefits. Seniors and students in their first year after graduation are eligible. Strong candidates will have significant research experience, rigorous coursework, and a GPA of 3.65+.
Contact Amy Kehoe (amy.kehoe@northwestern.edu) for details. 
Global Engagement Studies Institute (GESI) Scholarship
Deadline: December 15th, 2014
Want to intern and study abroad but cost is a potential barrier? Apply by GESI's first scholarship deadline to be considered for full or partial tuition scholarship. At least fifteen scholarships cover the cost of tuition in addition to some of the cost of airfare; many other scholarships cover part of the cost of tuition. To learn more or to ask questions, contact the GESI staff. 
Projects for Peace
Deadline: January 15th, 2015
The Davis Projects for Peace program enables undergraduates around the country to design grassroots "projects for peace" that use a summer to address social issues. The grant provides $10,000 for a summer project with a nonprofit focused on some dimension of enabling peace in a global world. Many student projects will revolve around direct volunteerism, philanthropy, or development work. The project can be driven by research or a more applied experience, so long as it connects the participant with an established organization. Funded projects must submit a final report, due in September 2015. While Projects for Peace are usually international in scope/location, projects can also be conducted in the U.S.
Contact Amy Kehoe (amy.kehoe@northwestern.edu) for details. 
U.S. Teaching Assistantships at Austrian Secondary Schools
Deadline: January 15th, 2015
For decades the U.S. Teaching Assistantships at Austrian Secondary Schools program has provided college graduates from the United States with once-in-a-lifetime opportunities to work as secondary school teaching assistants in communities all over Austria. In addition to serving as valuable linguistic models in classroom English instruction, US teaching assistants are also valuable resources for first-hand information about the "American way of life" and informal representatives of the United States. In this capacity, they contribute substantially to the promotion of mutual understanding between the peoples of the United States of America and the Republic of Austria.
Contact Amy Kehoe (amy.kehoe@northwestern.edu) for details. 
Pickering Graduate Fellowship
Deadline: January 16th, 2015
Funded by the State Department, the Thomas R. Pickering Graduate Foreign Affairs Fellowships honor Career Ambassador Thomas R. Pickering, one of the nation's most respected Foreign Service Officers. The goal of the program is to attract outstanding students from all ethnic and social backgrounds who are dedicated to representing America's interests abroad. Women, members of minority groups historically underrepresented in the Foreign Service, and students with financial need are encouraged to apply. The Pickering Graduate Fellowships provide up to $37,500 annually for academic expenses, covering the first and second year of graduate study, and include two paid State Department summer internships (domestic and abroad), as well as professional development through workshops and informational seminars and mentoring by U.S. Foreign Service Officers.
Contact Amy Kehoe (amy.kehoe@northwestern.edu) for details. 
Global Health Corps
Deadline: January 16th, 2015
Global Health Corps is mobilizing a global community of emerging leaders to build the movement for health equity. They place talented individuals from a wide variety of backgrounds in paid, high impact roles in NGOs and government agencies in sub-Saharan Africa and the US for one year. During the fellowship year, fellows collaborate, innovate, and create sustainable and impactful change. Applicants from a broad range of sectors and disciplines can apply for up to 3 positions that match their interests and skills, from project management to monitoring and evaluation, engineering, communications and more. Contact Amy Kehoe (amy.kehoe@northwestern.edu) for details. 
Northwestern University
Study Abroad Office
629 Colfax Street
Evanston, IL 60208

p 847.467.6400   f 847.467.6410
studyabroad@northwestern.edu
 
www.northwestern.edu/studyabroad
Follow us on TwitterLike us on FacebookView our profile on LinkedIn
 
Fall Hours: M-F 9am-12pm & 1pm-5pm
Open til 6pm on Wednesdays

Walk-in Hours:
Tuesdays 10am-12pm @Study Abroad Office
Wednesdays 3pm-5pm @Study Abroad Office
Thursdays 1:30pm-3:30pm @Multicultural Student Affairs
	
	
Forward this email



This email was sent to madelinemcfee2016@u.northwestern.edu by studyabroad@northwestern.edu |  
Update Profile/Email Address | Rapid removal with SafeUnsubscribe™ | Privacy Policy.


Northwestern University | 629 Colfax Street | Evanston | IL | 60208
	

