Asunto: Fwd: FW: Sign Up Now for a Free Trip to Explore Chicago's Great Institutions!
De: Nathan Lamp <nathanlamp2015@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/20/2014 2:33 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Want to enjoy a FREE afternoon of behind the scenes exploration at some of Chicago's top museums guided by NU Faculty and Alumni? 

Winter Quarter Event:
Exploring Great Chicago Institutions

Sign up now for a FREE afternoon of guided, behind-the-scenes exploration at some of Chicago's top museums! 

Saturday, March 1st - 1pm to 5:30pm

This afternoon excursion will introduce students to several key Chicago institutions to learn about how museums can be hubs for generating knowledge, educating citizens, and building stronger communities.

Students can choose from three tracks:
Sustainability & Conservation
The Field Museum & the Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum
facilitated by NU Instructor Jennifer Hirsch, Ph.D., sustainability consultant

Chicago History & Culture
The Chicago History Museum & the Chicago Cultural Center
facilitated by Prof. Dan A. Lewis, Director, Center for Civic Engagement

Experiencing Art
The Museum of Contemporary Art & the Art Institute of Chicago
facilitated by NU Alum Kate Zeller, Assistant Curator, School of the Art Institute of Chicago

Transportation, admission, & an optional, informal reception on campus afterwards (with food) are all included.

*CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION AND TO REGISTER*

Sign up now - space is limited! 
NU in Chicago is a campus-wide effort to better connect NU students with Chicago-area civic resources through engaging and interactive learning experiences.

Copyright © 2014 Center for Civic Engagement, All rights reserved.

Our mailing address is:
NU in Chicago
Center for Civic Engagement
Northwestern University
1813 Hinman Avenue
Evanston, Illinois 60208
www.NUinChicago.org
engage@northwestern.edu


-- 
Nathan Lamp
Northwestern University, Class of 2015
School of Communication: Performance Studies
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences: Biological Anthropology, Slavic Studies (minor)
International Studies Residential College, President
Theatre and Interpretation Center, Lab Theater Aide
Wildcat Welcome 2013, Peer Adviser
Spectrum Theatre Company, Special Events Director


