Asunto: Please Read: Our Thoughts
De: Davin Kim <davinkim2015@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 2/2/2014 5:30 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey, guys,

TL; DWR: 
 Movie on 2-2-14 at 7.01 PM.mov

As some of you guys may know, this is the first year that Natalie and I have taken up the position of presidents. As such, it was only natural that there would be some bumps along the way and difficulties to go through. I first off want to really thank all of you guys who have still supported us. It really means a lot.

We have made a lot of changes this year, some good and some not so good. We've been pretty active shuffling things around and trying new things out. But amidst all that, I think that Natalie and I have neglected the founding purpose of this club: for people to have some time away from their daily grind and just have a good time with a great group of people.

Going to tournaments, getting more resources for our practices, trying to be more professional in our ways. These are all great things, but ultimately they are secondary and mere by-products of what our ultimate goal should be, and that is for each and every one of us to enjoy our time together.

And I personally think that we have failed to bring out that part of our deal. For that, I do apologize.

I want to let you all know, however, that from here on out we will do our best to make sure your time is enjoyable. We may not succeed all the time, but it is our duty to try.

With that said, I have several announcements to make.

1) We have a new master, Master Chung, who will come to teach on Wednesdays starting this week. Please welcome him warmly and treat him with respect.

2) As a result of the announcement above, we will be swapping Monday and Wednesday practices. Mondays will be loosely focused on sparring, and Wednesdays will be loosely focused on forms and self-defense. Master Chung will teach on Wednesdays (the full two-hours), and Master Kallo will teach on Mondays (one hour from 9-10 P.M.).

3) We will for the time being no longer be explicitly splitting our practices by rank. I personally did not like that people were separated from each other, so we will figure things out as we go (the addition of Master Chung should help with this). Everyone is welcome for the full two-hours. If you cannot make the entire two-hours, that is completely fine and understandable. Don't worry about it, and just let either me or Natalie know. One thing I do want to note though for the sparring days is that even if you don't have full gear, you can still join us for the 9-10 P.M. session. The only thing is, we will not allow you to participate in full-contact matches that we have at the end of practice. This is completely for your safety.

Whew, that was a long email~ But I felt it necessary to give you some of our thoughts. As always, if you have any questions or concerns, let us know. Let's all try to enjoy it.

Yours,
Davin
