Asunto: Fwd: Winter Quarter Tournaments
De: Eric Gilson <ericgilson2014@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 1/14/2014 8:49 PM
Para: <WTFTKD@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

A message from: Andrew Shinn

I want to add some insight for what to expect at the State tournaments.

Most people that compete at States are doing so to qualify for USAT Nationals.
Last year, USAT Nationals was held in Chicago, so Illinois States drew over 1000 competitors.
EVEN THEN, most adult divisions, color and black belt, had no more than 2 competitors. This is because they go by the official weight categories. This means there are 8 DIVISIONS EACH for black belt men, black belt women, red belt men, red belt women, etc.
But I will say that we'll probably have better luck with finding poomse competition at States, since it's only divided by belt, not weight. I have experience at these state tournaments.

It's not like a local tournament. You shouldn't count on more than 1 match. If you're not a black belt, you'll be VERY lucky to even get a match. If you DO get a match, it'll be with someone that's probably planning on flying to California to compete at Nationals.
For these reasons, I don't this would be a good tournament to compete in, unless any of us actually plan to compete at USAT Nationals in July (separate from Collegiate Nationals). Plus, there is that $35 USAT membership.


Separately, NU TKD has to register and pay $100 dues to NCTA in order to compete at Collegiate Nationals. But if only 1 or 2 of us compete, then I think they can just compete under another collegiate club team. For Princeton, we don't have to pay dues to ECTC to compete at Princeton (registering with ECTC would just give us membership status and reduce each competitor's fee from $40 to $30).

I can say Indy Cup is a good, competitive, double-elimination tournament. I haven't heard of the Two Rivers tournament. And I'm obviously partial to the Great Lakes Cup.


On Tue, Jan 14, 2014 at 7:59 PM, Eric Gilson <ericgilson2014@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hi all,

    This quarter there are a lot of high level tournaments for us to choose from. Many of them require a decision ASAP both so we can train to the level needed and to plan the logistics of actually getting there. The next few paragraphs will describe all the tournaments available this quarter. Please let me know if you are interested in attending any of them and what the likelihood of you going is. The yellow columns in this Google Spreadsheet summarize all the tournaments discussed in this mail.

    The first set of big Tournaments are the State Qualifiers. These tournaments lead to the US Nationals this summer and are some of the highest level tournaments one can do. So any matches will be good experience for those who go, but expect stiff competition. The downside is, due to the large breakdown of divisions, it is not uncommon to have no match, which would be quite a waste of time. All competitors must be registered with the USAT ($35) and need US residency/citizenship to compete. In addition, you need a Kukkiwon Dan to compete at Black Belt level. Please let me know IMMEDIATELY if you want to compete so we can work through the registration & logistics.

    The next two Tournaments are college tournaments, ETEC Princeton and Collegiate Nationals. Both are going to have stiff competition and be well attended, so everyone should have an interesting time. In addition we will try to arrive early to train with the host club, Princeton and Berkley. The downside to these competitions are they are both a long distance away so would need some massive logistical efforts to attend. Personally I think these will be more interesting than the State Qualifiers. Collegiate Nationals has the same requirements as the State Qualifiers for registration. The ETEC tournaments only require that the competitors are full-time students and have medical insurance, though the format is a bit different from normal. Again, please let me know IMMEDIATELY if you want to compete so we can work through the registration & logistics.

    The last set of Tournaments are the locals, Two Rivers TKD Tournament, Great Lakes Cup, and Indy Cup. These are all low key and are nicely spaced so we can hit one in each of February, March, and April. If we don't do any of the previous tournaments we should definitely do these. Please let me know soon if you want to go to the Two Rivers Tournament as I would need to call them for more details to figure out if it is what we are looking for. I hope that everyone tries to go to at least one of these.

    Finally there is a Sparring Referee seminar Saturday February 1st. This is only open to Black Belts. It will be an all day affair. Everyone who wants to go must register with the USAT ($35) and the Seminar costs $60. This will include certification as a USAT Referee which allows you to referee at USAT sanctioned events like State Qualifiers. It is possible to audit this at no cost, but the Master stated that we could only bring 1-2 to audit it. While I think this is a very valuable experience for people, it is probably not worth it unless you intend to referee at high level events instead of competing. Please let me know ASAP if you are interested in attending. In March there is a Forms Seminar, which should be open to more people and I strongly recommend that all Black Belts try to make that. More details on that to come.

    -Eric Gilson



