Asunto: XRC Trip: Peter and the Starcatcher Broadway Play -- 4/11 at 6pm
De: Cheryl Berriman <cb228@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 3/31/2014 4:12 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hello ISRCers!

I hope you guys are ready for some serious good times this quarter with the nice weather and XRC trips (because that's all you need, right?). The first event of the quarter takes you to the play,  PETER AND THE STARCATCHER at the Bank of America Theater. As always, a bus will pick you up outside ISRC and drop you back off. I only have a few tickets, so email fast if you want one!
 
 The Event: 

Friday, April 11th -  Peter and the Starcatcher 
Subsidized price: $10 
Estimated departure/return 6:05pm-10:15pm
 
PETER AND THE STARCATCHER, the most magical evening of madcap fun, is now on tour! Hailed by The New York Times as "THE MOST EXHILARATING STORYTELLING ON BROADWAY IN DECADES," this comedy takes a hilarious romp through the Neverland you never knew. The winner of 5 Tony Awards®, this swashbuckling prequel to Peter Pan will have you hooked from the moment you let your imagination take flight. A company of a dozen actors play more than a hundred unforgettable characters, all on a journey to answer the century-old question: How did Peter Pan become The Boy Who Never Grew Up? This epic origin story of popular culture's most enduring and beloved character proves that your imagination is the most captivating place in the world.

If you are interested in going, here's what to do: 

    Read the Cross-College ticket policy attached and make sure that  you understand and accept the policy (the payment part will be applicable for future events)
    Email me if you want to go on either trip. I will let you know if there are tickets still available. 
    Pay me in cash (exact change, please) or check (made out to Northwestern University) in an envelope under my office door or to me personally by Monday, April 7th.
    Wait for an email from Nancy Anderson with further details. 

The trips are incredibly fun and they are a great, easy way to get into Chicago and see things you wouldn't otherwise see. ALL TRANSPORTATION IS PROVIDED, and Nancy Anderson will send you an email with all the details about the trip (i.e. where to meet to get on the bus, etc.) 

I hope you all take this opportunity at least once per quarter! 


Best,

Cheryl 
Your Illustrious Assistant Master


P.S. This was sent to you via the ISRC Listserv, so if you want to respond, make sure to send it to cb228@u.northwestern.edu, NOT reply! 


