Asunto: [NORRIS-STUDENT] Norris Mission, Town Hall (November 4th) and NSEC
De: Norris Student Employment Committee <norrisemployment@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 10/28/2014 10:01 AM
Para: <NORRIS-STUDENT@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Good afternoon everyone!

 

As each area at Norris progresses toward becoming fully staffed‎, it is time to look at the broader aspects of working at Norris. Those that bring us all together--full time staff, returning student staff and newly hired employees in Admin, ARTica, Bookstore, Cashier’s Office, Catering, Center Desk, Center Managers, Dittmar Gallery, Facilities, Gameroom, House Staff, Student Affairs Marketing, Mini Courses, NorrisOutdoors, Student Organization Finance Office, and Tech Services. 

 

‎The first is the Norris Mission:

We provide spaces, services, and guidance to promote student learning, community engagement, and cultural inclusion.  This is what we all do at Norris.  This is what we live by.  All staff should know the mission by heart. To help with this, the Norris Student Employment Committee will be sponsoring a friendly competition.  Beginning the week of November 9th, random mission reviews will be conducted across all areas. A mission review will consist of a designated full time staff member asking an area employee to say the mission statement.  A successfully spoken mission statement will result in a point for the area.   The area with the most points will win pizzas for a future staff meeting.  And just to make it interesting, we will include full time staff in the points system.  Here is how the points will be counted:

+1 Point – Student employee gets the Norris Mission Statement exactly right.

+½ Point – Student employee gets all the components, but does not say the Norris Mission statement exactly right.

+1 Point – Full time staff member gets the Norris Mission Statement exactly right.

-1 Point – Full time staff member does not get the Norris Mission Statement exactly right.

Best of luck to all!

 

A second aspect of working at Norris is the building of community through the sharing of information, thoughts, concerns and ideas.  Norris Town Halls ‎are an excellent opportunity to meet other Norris employees, find out what is happening across all areas, invite other staff to programmed events,  and to share what’s on your mind to improve Norris. The first town hall is scheduled for Tuesday, November ‎4th, beginning at 4:30pm in the Lake Room.

 

Much more is coming in the months ahead, but for now we’d like to end this communication by introducing this year’s Norris Student Employment Committee (NSEC).  Chaired for the 2014-15 ‎academic year by Michael McKean and Frank Zambrano, the committee  consists of Delaney Buenzli, Lucas Chen, Justin Clarke, Nancy Cambron Perez, Dominique Shrader, and Jennifer Stripe. We look forward to meeting you. Please know that we are here for you, so feel free to reach to any one of us for assistance.

 

Best, 

 

Norris Student Employment Committee

 

 

Michael McKean,  michael.mckean@northwestern.edu

Frank Zambrano, f-zambrano@northwestern.edu

Delaney Buenzli

Lucas Chen

Justin Clarke

Nancy Cambron Perez

Dominique Shrader

Jennifer Stripe


-- 
 
The Norris Student Employment Committee is committed to enhancing student employee education through experiential learning, community building, and opportunities to develop professional skills in a diverse, supportive environment.
---- NOTICE: You are receiving this message because you are listed as a current student employee at the Norris Center. If you no longer work at Norris or have questions about this list, please contact Jennifer Stripe at 847-491-2385 or jennifer-king@northwestern.edu.
