Asunto: Fwd: Winter seminar on "The Western Film"
De: Jen Guo <jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 11/11/2014 3:20 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi all,


Trying to figure out what to take next quarter?  See the below e-mail for a great class on cinematic art!


Thanks,


Jen

ISRC Assistant Master


---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Roger Boye <r-boye@northwestern.edu>
Date: Tue, Nov 11, 2014 at 1:58 PM
Subject: Winter seminar on "The Western Film"
To: Jen Guo <jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu>


Dear Jen,

Could you send this message on your Residential College listserv?

We have a couple openings in a winter-quarter seminar at the Communications Residential College on "The Western Film: Destiny, Made-up and Manifest" taught by John Kupetz.  A course outline is below.

This class counts as a WCAS Area VI distribution requirement, "Literature and Fine Arts."  It will meet from 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Wednesdays in the CRC screening room, with the first class on January 7.  

Interested students should send the following information to Prof. Roger Boye r-boye@northwestern.edu.  The 200-300 statement will be shared with the teacher.

      1.  Your name
      2.  Year in school
      3.  Major
      4.  A list of writing courses you have now or have had at Northwestern, as well as film courses.
      5.  A statement of 200 to 300 words that describes (a) why you want the class
and (b) what you would contribute to the class

Deadline to apply is noon Sunday (Nov. 16).  Students who apply will be notified later that day about their status.


Residential College Seminar –  Outline

 

    Quarter: Winter 2015

 

    Title: The Western Film: Destiny, Made-up and Manifest

                       

    Instructor/ Department: John Kupetz, Medill School of Journalism

 

    Residential College: Communications Residential College

 

    Meeting Days/Times: Wednesdays, 6 to 9 p.m.

 

    Expected Enrollment: 10-12

 

    Prerequisites: None. Admission by application only. 

 

    Purpose: “The Western Film: Destiny Made-up and Manifest” aims first to help students distinguish between exploitation and exploration in cinematic art.  It will focus on how cinematic artists have used their art within a genre that is both uniquely American and internationally embraced to explore complex and serious social, political, philosophical and psychological issues and themes. The class will examine why this genre has attracted so many directors and why it persists into the 21st century. Often mixing expressionism with realism, American as well as international directors have used films in the western genre to describe and celebrate -- and often challenge – illusions the audience holds about morality and social order as well as existence itself. Especially in the United States, cinematic artists have used the western genre to question their audience’s assumptions about what constitutes the national character and whether the notion of it is based on historical and cultural fantasies. The western film also offers students the opportunity to engage in an aesthetic study and assessment of a genre affected by shifting social, cultural and political trends. The western genre in fact precedes film itself and has been set in several geographic frontiers while observing how the nation itself was inventing its identity. Literary artists such as Stephen Crane and Mark Twain, for example, used the popular genre to explore some of their most complex themes. Yet it is the cinema in which the western genre truly flourished and is where it persists, and students will explore how this art form can use this genre to reflect and critique the tension between historical reality and an imagined past. 

 

    WCAS Distribution Requirement area, if any: Area VI, Literature and Fine Arts.  This course fits neatly into WCAS’s description of Area VI: Courses that help students understand how the attitudes and values of groups and cultures are represented in their creative activities.  Students will be expected to analyze film in a socio-cultural context, just like many of the classes listed for Area VI.

 

    Key Learning Objectives:

 

After taking this course, students should be able to show they can:

 

a.     Describe in broad terms how popular understanding of westward expansion influenced its portrayal in cinematic art.

b.     Identify chief conventions of western films and describe how those conventions developed.

c.      Analyze the use of romantic and melodramatic conventions to organize the plots and portray the protagonists and antagonists of western films.

d.     Recognize how cinematic artists could introduce invented elements into their creations to confound the conventional expectations of the cinematic audience.

e.     Explain and analyze how a cinematic artist could explore serious social criticism within the western genre.

f.      Recognize scholarly debate and critically evaluate evidence used to support interpretation and assessment of artistic contributions to the western film genre.

 

    Teaching Method and Evaluation of Students: The course will include some lecturing but will mainly use guided discussions. Students will work in two-person teams and lead discussion of the films to be watched for each class. Each team also will choose a film for the class to view and present a report placing that film in the context of the course. Students will be expected to participate actively in all discussions when they are not leading a panel or presenting a report. Students will submit substantive analytical essays for a take-home midterm and take-home final. The midterm will have three essay prompts and the final will have two, each asking the student to incorporate independent research and analysis with class discussions.

 

    Alignment of Learning Objectives and Assessment:

 

    Each panel will be expected to describe conventions that might apply to a given film and ask the class to discuss and evaluate them. The panel also will be expected to guide discussion of the social criticism in the work as well as help the class evaluate its aesthetic quality, comparing it to the context that will grow with each week’s viewings. Panels will get graded evaluations of their presentations no later than the next class meeting.
    The reports on films chosen by the panel teams will require students to select and evaluate films worthy of discussion and then present researched reports to justify their selections and to encourage the class to ask questions about their analysis and evaluations. Panels will also get graded evaluations of these reports.
    The take-home essays will require students to analyze and evaluate a number of the films screened and discussed in class by sometimes grouping them in their use of conventions or their introduction of inventions, by sometimes comparing their exploration of social themes and by sometimes comparing their protagonists and antagonists.
    Class participation is crucial, and students will receive ongoing assessment of their contributions to discussions. They also will submit a written self-evaluation of their contributions to class discussions.

Please note: Final grades will be based on all work done in the quarter, with some emphasis on improvement. The grade for the class will be determined as follows: panel presentations—20 percent, class participation—10 percent, midterm exam—20 percent, final exam 2—25 percent, final report—25 percent.

 

    Reading List (Tentative Films):

 

High Noon

The Gold Rush

Treasure of the Sierra Madre

The Good, the Bad and the Ugly

True Grit (Coen Brothers)

Ride the High Country

Django Unchained

The Gold Rush

3:10 to Yuma – 1957 and 20007 versions

Missouri Breaks

The Ox-Bow Incident

Bad Company

Black Robe

The Searchers

Red River

High Plains Drifter

The Quick and the Dead

The Searchers

Little Big Man

Johnny Guitar

Duel in the Sun

Rio Bravo

Last Train from Gun Hill

Dead man

McCabe and Mrs. Miller

Fort Apache

Bad Day at Black Rock

Lonely Are the Brave

Winchester ‘73

The Naked Spur

Stagecoach

Ride Lonesome

Comanche Station

The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance

Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid

Once upon a Time in the West

Unforgiven

The Wild Bunch

Posse

Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada

The Misfits

Hud

Midnight Cowboy

Red Hill

No Country for Old Men

The Homesman

 

About the teacher: For 10 years, John Kupetz was an assistant professor and placement director at the Medill School of Journalism, teaching freshman and sophomore writing courses. Since he left the full-time faculty, he has taught at Medill during the summers and has been a CRC faculty fellow. He has been on the ASG Faculty Honor Roll numerous times and has taught several CRC tutorials (now called seminars) on a variety of film genres, all with superior CTEC reviews.

 
-- 

Jen Guo | Personality & Health Psychology, Northwestern University | Ph.D Candidate 2018

Foley Center for the Study of Lives, Northwestern University | 2120 Campus Dr. | Rm #214 | Evanston, IL, 60208
314.537.4516 | jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu
