Asunto: Re: Lab 1 Missing Pieces
De: Ethan Robison <ethanrobison2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 1/31/2015 6:56 PM
Para: Jennie Duggan <jennie.duggan@northwestern.edu>

Hi Professor,

I am sorry to say that I know very little about git beyond simple commits and pushes. I tried to revert the master branch, and it didn't work well at all. Should I just create a new branch and micromanage the files to get them to work?

As far as the parts that I am missing, I need the read() function for HeapFile. I have none of SeqScan done (although I get the feeling that I will be able to to do it on my own once I get HeapFile working; though, I won't decline any help or guidance).

Let me know what it is that I can do, and I will try to do it as quickly as possible.

Thank you so much for your help,
Ethan Robison

2015-01-31 0:36 GMT-06:00 Jennie Duggan <jennie.duggan@northwestern.edu>:

    Hi Ethan,

    For HeapFile, that's something we can fix easily, but you need to be more specific about the SeqScan test.  That's one tests your lab end-to-end, so it's hard for me to say what pieces you need to fill in there. 

    I am trying to run your lab now, but for some reason Lab 2 files are appearing in both branches.  You also don't have a tag lab1, so I can't figure out when you intended to hand in your assignment. Did turnInLab.sh have errors when you ran it?
     
    I strongly recommend you roll back your master branch to your last Lab 1 commit, probably 8c82625b3d0726b3731d690c9bddae5bb6d86b4a.  Otherwise, the grader will probably just mark the percentage of tests you pass now, which includes all of the lab 2 tests.  You can do this with "git revert".  Please tell me how to check out your lab 1 submission, and I will help you figure out how to patch it for lab 2.

    Jennie Duggan

    On Fri, Jan 30, 2015 at 4:41 PM, Ethan Christopher Robison <EthanRobison2016@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

        Hi Professor Duggan,

        I am Ethan Robison, a student in your 11:00 a.m. databases course. I am emailing you about my lab 1. I did not manage to correctly implement a few files in the first lab, and as such am in a bind with regards to the second.

        Specifically, I had trouble with the HeapFile and SeqScan segments of the first lab, although only with two or three operators in HeapFile.

        With that in mind, what can I do to get up to speed so that I can get started on lab 2 as quickly as possible?

        Please let me know if you need any other information.

        Thank you in advance for any help,

        -- 

        Ethan Robison
        McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science | Northwestern University
        B.S. in Computer Science





-- 

Ethan Robison
McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science | Northwestern University
B.S. in Computer Science
