Asunto: ISRC Spring Quarter XRC Calendar of Events
De: Jen Guo <jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 4/14/2015 3:13 PM
Para: <ISRC-UPPER@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hi ISRCers,


Lets finish up the school year strong with some awesome Cross-ResCollege trips to look forward to!  I will be sending out e-mails on the following days with GoogleDoc forms for you all to be able to register, so look out for an e-mail from me during those times:

    Second City’s 103rd Mainstage Revue: Panic on Cloud 9: Join the incredibly talented and funny cast of The Second City Mainstage for their 103rd Revue, Panic on Cloud 9, a hilarious and smart collection of original scenes and songs that invite you to relax, take a breath and laugh as they brave everything from Ebola to modern parenting to the lies of advertising and the advertising of our own lies.
        E-mail to register: TODAY, Tuesday, April 14th at 9p
        Event date: Friday, April 24th (campus departure 6:15p/campus return 10:30p)
        Ticket price: $10 
    NPR's Wait, Wait, Don’t Tell Me! NPR’s news quiz show, Chase Auditorium, Chicago: Produced by NPR and Chicago Public Media, Wait Wait… Don't Tell Me! is a fast-paced and irreverent review of the week's news. A Peabody Award-winning quiz show, host Peter Sagal tests the knowledge and wit of celebrity panelists, including Mo Rocca, Paula Poundstone, Roy Blount Jr., and many others. When not on the road, Wait Wait… Don't Tell Me! is taped before a live audience here in Chicago where it has been named one of this city's favorite Thursday night activities.
        E-mail to register: TODAY, Tuesday, April 14th at 9p
        Event date: Thursday, April 30th (campus departure 5:45p/campus return 10:15p)
        Ticket price: $5

    Kendall College Dining Room: 

    Kendall College Dining Room is an extraordinary culinary experience in a student-run fine dining restaurant under the supervision of Kendall's experienced instructors. Thanks to an outstanding faculty and dedicated students, Kendall College produces the finest talent in the hospitality and culinary fields in the Midwest. The Dining Room offers guests an amazing view of the Chicago skyline and multi-course meals at a reasonable price. Come enjoy the culinary creations of these talented student chefs before they become famous. The Dining Room at Kendall College is the first and only culinary school restaurant included in MICHELIN Guide Chicago 2013.  Previous NU attendees strongly endorsed this dining engagement experience.  Information about the menu will be shared in Spring Quarter.
        E-mail to register: Monday, April 20th at 9p
        Event date: Friday, May 8th (campus departure 5:05p/campus return 8:30p)
        Ticket price: $10
    Shining Lives, a musical, at Northlight Theater: It's 1922 and the young women of Chicago's Radium Dial Company are living a dream - earning good wages and beaming with new-found independence. After years of hand painting watch dials, the so-called "harmless" radium leads to devastating results. Four courageous women upend their lives with a determination to change the future in this compelling new musical, the transcendent tale of heroic lives that glowed with promise.   Book & lyrics by Jessica Thebus, Music by Andre Pluess & Amanda Dehnert; directed by Jessica Thebus.
        E-mail to register: Monday, April 20th at 9p
        Event date: Saturday, May 9th (campus departure 6:45p/campus return 10:15p)
        Ticket price: $5

     Chicago Architecture River Cruise: Experience one of the world’s most beautiful cities on a 90-minute cruise on the historic Chicago River. On this architecture cruise, head down the main branch of the Chicago River, up the north branch to the East Bank Club, and then south past Willis Tower (Sears Tower) to the old Post Office Building. Take in magnificent city skyline views as you see more than 40 notable buildings, including the John Hancock Center and the Wrigley Building, and learn about their distinctive architecture from your onboard guide, an expert in architecture.
        E-mail to register: Monday, April 27th at 9p
        Event date: Saturday, May 16th (campus departure 12:15p/campus return 4:15p)
        Ticket price: $10

 Thanks!


Jen

ISRC Assistant Master



-- 

Jen Guo | Personality & Health Psychology, Northwestern University | Ph.D Candidate 2018

Foley Center for the Study of Lives, Northwestern University | 2120 Campus Dr. | Rm #214 | Evanston, IL, 60208
314.537.4516 | jen.guo@u.northwestern.edu |linkedin.com/in/jenguo| northwestern.academia.edu/JenGuo
