Asunto: Updates n Stuff
De: McCormick Student Advisory Board <msab@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 2/6/2015 10:15 AM
Para: <MSAB-EXEC@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey MSAB!

During our meeting on Thursday (2/5), we talked about restructuring several current MSAB projects and assigning several new positions within the board. One of the main changes we’ve made is reorganizing the student group liaisons assignments into a more involved 1-3 person project.

At our next meeting (time and day will be released on Monday), we’ll be launching a new system of weekly check-ins for current projects to better track and document progress and steps taken. Current projects and project leads are as shown in the list below. If you are not sure what project you’re working on, would like to change projects, would like to start a new project, or believe there should be other changes to the list below, please let us know or bring it up at the next meeting.

    Dinner with 12 Strangers (Jui Kothari) 

    Research Open House Initiative (Wenli Dai)

    Freshman Handbook (Kelly Satterlee)

    Student Group Liaisons (Alisa White)

    Website Management (Michael Wang)

    Senior Sendoff (Jane Miller and Jason Arnold)

    E-Week (Brennan Jackson and Michael Wang)

    Gotaas Award (TBD)

    Student group funding (Greg Mulderink)


PLEASE fill out the whenisgood so that we can schedule our new meeting time for next week. We’d really like to be able to have the meetings at a time when more people can come and contribute. If you’re not active as part of the board and are not emailing us regarding missed meetings---please make an effort if you’d like to stay on the board.

The following people HAVE filled out the whenisgood:

    Kelly

    Jason

    Michael

    Greg

    Sally

    Alisa

    Jui

    Anne

    Robert


Also, at the next meeting we will be electing a new PR chair, so if you are interested please contact either of us and do your best to be at the next meeting. Responsibilities included will be creating and distributing flyers for MSAB events, managing the LISTSERV blasts and the MSAB facebook page.


Thanks! We'll see you all next week.
