Asunto: Hello From Your New Co-Chairs!
De: McCormick Student Advisory Board <msab@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 1/25/2015 12:15 PM
Para: <MSAB-EXEC@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey MSAB!

We’re your new co-chairs. We just wanted to check in with everyone and let you all know what our plans and ideas are for the future of the board.

First of all, we are planning some new project management tools, and are looking to put specific leaders in charge of each project. We have evaluated that the projects listed below are the current projects MSAB is working on, and are looking for leads for these projects. If you are the lead for one of these projects, let us know. Also, if your project isn’t on the list just send one of us an email!

    Dinner with 12 Strangers

    Research Open House Initiative

    Freshman Handbook (Kelly)

    Curriculum Change

    Live CTECS

    Student Group Liaisons

    Website management

    Senior Sendoff (Jane and Jason)

    E-Week (Michael)

    Gotaas Award


We are still looking to set a new meeting time that works for everyone, so attached is a NEW Whenisgood. Please fill that out ASAP. Please be as flexible as you can. For now, our next meeting will still be this Thursday, January 29th at 7:00 p.m. Regarding these meetings, as your new co-chairs, we will be looking at participation and attendance a little more carefully going forward. We are asking that everyone attend these meetings, and, if you are unable to, to check in with us sometime throughout the week for updates. We’d really like to see our active projects keep moving forward and have everyone working on projects they’re passionate about.

Regarding current board members who either don’t attend meetings or don’t communicate with us, your status on the board may be put up for review. We aren’t asking anyone to put in a ton of time each week, but we do expect that you stay up-to-date on what MSAB is doing and where your project is going. We have some really good active projects, and we’d love to see them go into effect!

We look forward to the rest of the year, and if you have any questions feel free to shoot us an email!

-Brennan and Jane
