Asunto: Re: FW: NTS Shift Log
De: Christina Spaeth <christinaspaeth2016@u.northwestern.edu>
Fecha: 2/19/2015 4:25 PM
Para: Christopher Burpee <christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu>
CC: "(ntssupervisors@gmail.com)" <ntssupervisors@gmail.com>, Michael Kenneth McKean <michael.mckean@northwestern.edu>, Justin Philip Clarke <justin.clarke@northwestern.edu>

Hello,

Last night at our supervisor meeting we discussed this possible policy change in great length.  In the end, we came to the conclusion that while the idea is theoretically sound and makes a lot of sense, the implementation in our department would be very difficult with our current staff.  We agreed with the closing shift pre-setting for the next morning's events that are 9AM and earlier and/or are large events to alleviate some of the pressure on that opening shift.  However, at this time, we do not think that making a such a large change such as presetting a shift ahead the entire day would be practical (especially since the quarter is nearly over).  

We are not shutting the door on this completely, as we would like to discuss it more as a group and with you.  There are some issues we came up with, such as Techs becoming confused at exactly what they need to set up and when, especially since every single person would need to do it in order for it to work effectively.  If an event is missed in the pre-set, it might not be communicated to the next shift and they would assume it had been set, creating problems for us and the client.  Also, we aren't sure how the implementation would go practicality-wise, since often there are meetings in those rooms beforehand or House Staff hasn't set the room at the time we would need.  In addition, there are problems with timing, due to the fact that Techs have to meet with the clients beforehand anyways and often the client requests something different than what is indicated on the sheets; pre-setting would not help that situation and if things need to be moved around, it could cause more issues.

Again, we like the idea of the pre-setting a shift ahead.  For now, the closing shift will be pre-setting for the next morning.  We have asked the Techs to start looking forward at the next shifts to check for large events or getting equipment together in an effort to promote this proactive mindset.  We are emphasizing communication with the next shift, since that fundamental skill is lacking in many of our Techs, as evidenced by unsigned sheets and things being missed.  We want to nail down these basic skills before thinking about implementing a communication-intensive policy.

We'd like to meet with you in the near future to discuss everything further, but for now, we do not think our department is ready for this large of a change.

Best,
Christina

On Wed, Feb 18, 2015 at 8:06 AM, Christopher Burpee <christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hello Supervisors,

    Alex made the suggestion below of not presetting unless the start time is 8am.  Alex, thanks for the suggestion.  I agree we should standardize the practice, but I have a different philosophy when it comes to presetting.

     

    I’m a big fan of getting everything done as early as possible.  This allows us to be better prepared for last minute occurrences.  Remember, this doesn’t need to just apply to end of night shifts.  It would be great if at the start of shifts, nobody had to worry about grabbing equipment.  Instead you could focus turning computers on and checking in with the client.

     

    I propose we look 2 hours ahead, essentially 1 full shift.  And the 10pm-12am shift can likewise preset for everything before 10am.  If we are all presetting 1 shift ahead, it’s the same amount of work for everyone.  But it allows everyone to focus on the client more at the start of their events.  There will be obvious exceptions, such as when there are tight turnarounds.  But on the whole, I think this will help.

     

    Please share your thoughts, this isn’t in stone.  But if you’re all willing to give this a try, please discuss it at your supervisor meeting.  Devise amongst yourselves a method of notating presets on the sheets, so the next tech is aware of what has been preset (This is especially important for the overnight handoff).  Then share the new procedures with everyone tonight.

     

    Christopher Burpee

    Technical Services Manager

     

    Norris University Center​

    Northwestern University

    (847) 491-2335

    christopher.burpee@northwestern.edu

    www.northwestern.edu/norris

     

    As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration.  Other people and other people's ideas are often better than your own.  Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.  - Amy Poehler

     

    From: no-reply@forms.dosa.northwestern.edu [mailto:no-reply@forms.dosa.northwestern.edu]
    Sent: Wednesday, February 18, 2015 1:09 AM
    To: Michael Kenneth McKean; Justin Philip Clarke; Christopher Burpee
    Subject: NTS Shift Log

     

    Name
    	

    Alex Yang

    Date of Shift
    	

    Feb 18, 2015

    Time
    	

    01:00 AM

    Type of shift
    	

    In House

    Any Issues?
    	

    - General Question/Note

    Question, Suggestion, or Note
    	

    We should establish a guideline for presets - we didn't set anything up for tomorrow morning because the earliest start time was 9, but I was thinking if the res time is 8am, then we set it.

     




-- 
Christina Spaeth
School of Communication | Northwestern University
B.S. in Communication Sciences and Disorders
