Asunto: Re: Updates n Stuff
De: Jane Miller <janemiller2012@U.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>
Fecha: 2/10/2015 4:46 PM
Para: <MSAB-EXEC@LISTSERV.IT.NORTHWESTERN.EDU>

Hey all! It looks like more people are free to meet at 6pm on Thursdays than at our current time. So, this week (and for the rest of the quarter), MSAB meetings will now be at 6:00pm on Thursdays. 

On Fri, Feb 6, 2015 at 12:15 PM, McCormick Student Advisory Board <msab@u.northwestern.edu> wrote:

    Hey MSAB!

    During our meeting on Thursday (2/5), we talked about restructuring several current MSAB projects and assigning several new positions within the board. One of the main changes we’ve made is reorganizing the student group liaisons assignments into a more involved 1-3 person project.

    At our next meeting (time and day will be released on Monday), we’ll be launching a new system of weekly check-ins for current projects to better track and document progress and steps taken. Current projects and project leads are as shown in the list below. If you are not sure what project you’re working on, would like to change projects, would like to start a new project, or believe there should be other changes to the list below, please let us know or bring it up at the next meeting.

        Dinner with 12 Strangers (Jui Kothari) 

        Research Open House Initiative (Wenli Dai)

        Freshman Handbook (Kelly Satterlee)

        Student Group Liaisons (Alisa White)

        Website Management (Michael Wang)

        Senior Sendoff (Jane Miller and Jason Arnold)

        E-Week (Brennan Jackson and Michael Wang)

        Gotaas Award (TBD)

        Student group funding (Greg Mulderink)


    PLEASE fill out the whenisgood so that we can schedule our new meeting time for next week. We’d really like to be able to have the meetings at a time when more people can come and contribute. If you’re not active as part of the board and are not emailing us regarding missed meetings---please make an effort if you’d like to stay on the board.

    The following people HAVE filled out the whenisgood:

        Kelly

        Jason

        Michael

        Greg

        Sally

        Alisa

        Jui

        Anne

        Robert


    Also, at the next meeting we will be electing a new PR chair, so if you are interested please contact either of us and do your best to be at the next meeting. Responsibilities included will be creating and distributing flyers for MSAB events, managing the LISTSERV blasts and the MSAB facebook page.


    Thanks! We'll see you all next week.




-- 
Jane Miller
McCormick Student Advisory Board Co-Chair
B.S. Mechanical Engineering, McCormick School of Engineering
Northwestern University Class of 2016

Phone: 224-456-2283
Portfolio | LinkedIn
